Don’t forget to… 
- LIKE the video 
- SUBSCRIBE to our channel 
- Get your FREE account here https://goo.gl/8X5knW Very interessting ! Puoi spiegare in italiano I alredy know english Nice teaching method,love from pakistan 🇵🇰🇵🇰 i like ur teaching Nice video. I listened to audiobook 'Voyagers of hell' on youtube the other day. It was best for beginners to learn english. Magnificent شكرًا 🌹 It’s impossible to learn this lesson unless you speak english already It’s kinda cool to see it from the perspective  of someone trying to learn it ,I would be so confused if I didnt speak it Thank you Miss, now I can understand everything... She English is so clear I liked
Tq for teaching ✔ How are you?  Absolutely horrible 🥶- fluent English speaker who is watching this for no reason Thank you  you are saying very good thank you Why tf did my comment disappear?? Lol I don’t even know why I’m watching this anyway, I’m a native😅 I am Japanese.
I want speak English. No YouTube Kids huh you could say i work for amazon I am mexican, and i like tu learn English, i need help to learn more;  i like soo much this Chanel You spokn hindi I remember in 5th grade, our English teacher’s son said, “May I deposit my waste in the lavatory?” And we started bursting out laughing. I am from Germany and bored so I got here😗 私はいつも英語を習いたかったし、このビデオはとても役に立ちました。 nice video....!!! Nice video. I listened to audiobook 'Voyagers of hell' on youtube the other day. It was amazing. It was best for beginners to learn english. You need to understand english to learn english xD Excellent! I can understand everything when you're speak this is amazing miss me a born and raised english speaker:

*MHH INTERESTING* Thank you for saving me✨🐼💗 Not bad my teacher haha🤟🥰 Go here to watch Full HD video good someone let's study English together :( Wait a minute..For example..someone who doesn't know english wanted to learn English but How can they understand what are they saying?? THEY ARE SPEAKING ENGLISH! thanks for this video teacher. Very nice Translation turkish How can the people who don't know anything about english would understand this 😀 So This Is All About Basics English 

Nice You can expect my comments in all your videos, becoz this is my favourite and you are special for me now  !! really loved it!!❤❤❤
I have gone through amost all of your videos !! really amazing !!
enjoyable👍👍👍informative
keep it up❤❤❤
keep uploading!!👌👌👌
Lots of love !!😍😍😍
👌👌👌👌👌
Thank you for sharing such videos!!
Stay safe❤❤❤❤❤❤ stay connected💪 Hi,i'm from East Timor i want to study English ... Proud of mss can help me to study with the channel... Thank you It's the best way to learn english. I hope I'll be able someday to reach this kind of level of teaching. Mi idioma principal es el español, pero estoy intentando aprender inglés. Gracias. English in three minutes 😂😭😂😭😂 Mam can you say what is the best book to improve my english reading I'm from India I like ur classes it's really 👍 I love you so much maam. I am nepali Thank you 🇲🇦 So good Love from persia (iran)🙏❤ How are u? Not bad 😂 hey how's it going? Pretty good 😂 she tripping she said not so well 😂 who talks this way 🤣 Isshh I dontnot under you but I do you....."how you doing"!!??joey from friends. İ think something is wrong with here but its ok… Mam plz give me your mobile number🧡🧡 I live you mam👍👍👍👍👍 That video so good because it have subtitle for the peoples don't listen and speak English and good at Writing skills. thank you alisha Ñ ñññññ Ñ I'm learning because I'm speak Spanish 😭😭 Hello Ñ I like ur style look amazing! And thanks cz u add subtitles.. help me Contact for discussion in English 9860340741 Thank so much Miss, I learnt so much Very useful !! 00:08 I'm fine
04:05 What do you do? Nice Hi what do you do? A few things u might not know. 
Common English Words  From  Indian languages 🚩🔱🕉️📿🦅

1) Cash 
2) Shampoo from Champo . This words was pronounced as Shampoo by Britishers when they asked Servants to wash their Hair

3)Mata = Mother
4)Bhrata = Brother
5)Gow ( written as Gau in Hindi but pronounced as Gow)
Gow=Cow
6) Loot meaning to Steal
7) Jungle
8) Bungalow

Incase u want more such Words then watch ""Shashi Tharoor on Indian English by Brut India"" Thanks you Inspirational indeed! I like this woman because she theaches very good She uses simple words and I really understood everything in this video ❤🌼 69% people watching this for speaking english 😊 Hey! I'm a Turkish and I'm trying to learn English for the university exam. u win the teacher award for explaining perfectly! :) Ñ Es verdad, el inglés es más fácil que el español, si no es tu lengua nativa Hello i'm moroccain Alisha , i'm from Venezuela. i like your class,very good Ñ 😎👌 Thank you. Good lesson Polyglot here 🤪 not to brag but I speak American, Texan, and English 😌✨ why am i learning my own language pls😭 She teach English in English😆🤣😂😆😂🤣😂😆🤣😂 Fun Fact. She is teaching how to speak eng. In eng. Thank you Great. thank you This is my first time in your channel ❤️❤️ i speak fluent sarcasm that’s why I’m here Thank your welcome I understand all English hi Alicia! im learning much from your videos please keep inspiring others lile me @JULIEN TIZA😍😍😍 Could I get your number? Thank you  .
I learned so much .🙏Did you enjoy this video? Please vote for me as the Top Programming Guru. It takes only a second and your support means a lot to me: https://bit.ly/2G7tf2s Hi I wont to learn Python for ETL processes Please help. I wrote a code for the exercise 2:12:07      Can someone explain to me why the number 62 isn't being removed from the list and every duplicate number was removed?

numbers = [2,5,1,62,45,54,9,1,5,48,6,9,50,9,45,9,62,54]
numbers.reverse()
print(numbers)
for num in numbers:
    while numbers.count(num) > 1:
        numbers.remove(num)
        print(numbers)
numbers.reverse()        
print(numbers) Thank you sir for taking the time not only educating us but also the effort in making this video.  Very grateful for this tutorial! Sir, i need to be a software developer, but confused whether to learn Python or Java or Javascript or C# pls help Hi! Its problem video 1:47:47 you have one answer "Total:60" but I have three ansers: "Total:10; Total: 30: Total 60" Whats worng? Thx! Thank you so much , Sir ❤️ Progress
33:07 Hah for me it's a personal challenge.
Coding was my bane for a long time, so it's to challenge myself. well the application i thought of was a game .but thanks a lot for this tutorial.i learned a lot from you! windows 10 emoji shortcut:
Windows Key + . Key Hi, the cheat sheet goes to a 404 page. Mosh, great video. I am a Unix systems administrator, any hints on other videos that are related to my work I should watch? THANK YOU SO MUCH MOSH. I was wasting time copying and pasting code from tutorials but after finishing this i feel confident that i can code by myself. You brought me much closer to my goal, I don't know how to thank you.(Also shared the video with my friends). I want to be a  software engineer, and i also learn cyber scurity and white(ethical) hacking Thanks so much for this Mr. Mosh. Having gone through the course up to dictionaries, I have a few points to critique. 
1: empty strings are used a few times with much explanation, maybe is so obviously simple but to a green like me it isn't.
2: when you give an exercise, you utilize the current lesson and even some previous lessons—great
But please give us a hint of what to use, supplying the puzzle pieces and having students put them together. Some activities I just had no idea how to start

Example using += and .get in dictionary activity I don't have a comp... I feel like a hacker :o I got his ad on his own video haha :D At time stamp Receiving input.
The solution i put is like this.
name = Input(' what is your name? ')
Print('hi ' + name)
Fav_colour = input(' what is your favourite colour? ')
Print('its ' + fav_colour).

And it gave me the right answer, did i over do it? Your a god of python I didn't find any 1 like who explains this easy. I am from an accounting background. your super fantastic I am really excited to learn further more thanks for making this kind of video. I wish I will more of your's on others languages as well(HTML, CSS, JAVAscript etc etc.) looking forward to learn through you sir. Thank you so much for the useful course !!

For 2:12:00  I tried another solution 

for num in numbers:
      if numbers.count(num) != 1 :
         numbers.remove(num)
print(numbers) What's it wrong plz?
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\project1.py", line 1, in <module>
    import openpyxl as xl
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\__init__.py", line 6, in <module>
    from openpyxl.workbook import Workbook
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\workbook\__init__.py", line 4, in <module>
    from .workbook import Workbook
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\workbook\workbook.py", line 7, in <module>
    from openpyxl.worksheet.worksheet import Worksheet
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\worksheet\worksheet.py", line 25, in <module>
    from openpyxl.cell import Cell, MergedCell
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\cell\__init__.py", line 3, in <module>
    from .cell import Cell, WriteOnlyCell, MergedCell
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\cell\cell.py", line 27, in <module>
    from openpyxl.styles import numbers, is_date_format
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\styles\__init__.py", line 4, in <module>
    from .alignment import Alignment
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\styles\alignment.py", line 5, in <module>
    from openpyxl.descriptors import Bool, MinMax, Min, Alias, NoneSet
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\descriptors\__init__.py", line 4, in <module>
    from .sequence import Sequence
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\descriptors\sequence.py", line 4, in <module>
    from openpyxl.xml.functions import Element
  File "C:\Users\hp\PycharmProjects\pythonProject\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\xml\functions.py", line 36, in <module>
    from et_xmlfile import xmlfile
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'et_xmlfile' I lived upto 30 years , tomorrow is my birthday , and it's great to be here, this 6 hours is going to be more better than wasted years of education Your insta acc please I wanna become a programmer🙂 WHO IS JOHN SMITH!!!!!!!! Great. For windows, use windows key + ; to popup emojis You are my inspiration and motivation to learn this and other codes! Thanks Mosh for making this lesson available to myself and others! -100% support and buying all his merch!! Thanks so much for this tutorial..i am new to programming and I want to learn python so i can create database for Accounting and finance applications, and also use python for data and financial  analysis, as my background is accounting and finance...I need your advice on how to become successful on this journey..i will be very glad to hear from you. many thanks Thanku sir. 👍👍👍 hello, can you please help me out, any time i try to use the upper and lower codes to compare my inputs i get an error. The logical operators section. does this work? " if (has_high_income or has_good_credit) and not has_criminal_record:" does this work correctly it seems to on the terminal? sorry about the terrible English I am rubbish at questions. i wanna learn python for game development name = input('What is your name? ')
color = input('What is your favourite color? ')
print(name + " likes " + color) name = 'John Smith'
age = 20
is_new = True

print(name, age, is_new) I have plan but I dont now coding so im trying 
To build an app with your class sir thank you sir what is a booliyan? 2:06:13 I'm kinda sad to see this video go. but ill gave to find more python tutorials. Farewell mosh, you were a very good teacher. and you still are... (I watched the entire thing) 44:42 I want to learn python for data analyst job. Dear Mosh,
This is an amazing course, yet I'm having trouble finding your csv at 4:33:48, the website dssplays 404 error. Can you please fix this? From the UK, GCSE computer science student. Want to take my programming abilities to A level and after go to university to study machine learning and A.I! why do you even use square brackets in msg at 39:46 ?
im a bit confused with the way you wrote that code in message https://youtu.be/o7QyZUGXWeg 1:41:43 for Automation testing,want to learn python.. READ THIS!




Nested Loops Challenge:

A simpler way to do it is:

numbers = [5, 2, 5, 2, 2]

for list in numbers:
    list *= 'x'
    print(list)


Lists Exercise:

A simple way:

list = [1, 2, 3, 1414, 352515, 7, 836, 981818471841847184, 8263, 42, 00, 1923]



list.sort()   ----> This sorts all the numbers in an ascending order





print(f'Largest number is {list[-1]}') I am residing in India .
I am B.Tech Student i am learning Python to work as a web Developer.
Thank you so much sir, for providing the course :) its so weird if you dont have a start index for a string the last character at the end index is included but if you do have a starting index the last character is forgotten about very good content. Excellent explanations and every aspect serves a clear purpose. thanks for your efforts can anyone have a cheat sheet of python provided by @Mosh ? If Statement Exercise = 

value = input("The houses total value is $1,000,000, Is your credit score good?  "  )


if value.upper() == "Y":
    print('You need to put down $100,000 which is 10% of the entire house as a down payment ')

elif value.upper() == "N":
    print('You need to put down $200,000 which is 10% of the entire house as a down payment ')

else:
    print("Get the fuck out of here you broke ass shit, You can't buy a house ") Hi, its really great. very easy to understood. I am trying to download the FREE Python cheat sheet from your description but it's not working. can you please fix he issue. Thanks. what is that font? I've coded a code called Lua before, and it is extremely similar to python, so I feel as if I shouldn't struggle too much with coding python bots and what not. Thank you for the course! Yea, the gap is still open.! After more then a decade.! Mosh ! You’re a lifesaver 1:30:58 I've been following the course from scratch and I'm close to finish. I have a question, in 5:41:12 when I create the product Orange an operationalError appears. Can someone tell my what this error means thank you!!! 1:12:27 hey Mosh to me you are the best Do you teach hacking? Thanks @Programming with Mosh your video helped me. can you pls make a windows tutorial im a little late to the party, but im going through this course and im at the nested loop challenge, my initial solution was this: 
numbers = [5, 2, 5, 2, 2]

for x in numbers:
    for y in numbers:
        y = '*' * x
    print(y)
i was proud for a second and then realized i cheated :D Thanks so much for making this. I've been using python for years now, but it was mostly learned on the job and this is helping me fill in the gaps and brush up! can u please teach  colabnotebook 2:28:46 in Windows we need to hold down Windows key and press '.' or ':' button 😁😁 where can i get vs code This course is best because he is from iran 🇮🇷❤️ in the car project why did he set the value of started to False and not True? This tutorial is really amazing... I subscribed the channel because I think this is the best python course in Youtube ever uploaded and I would recommend other people watching it properly to gain a massive knowledge about python. This video helped me very much and Thanks to Mosh. Its 2021 and im.playing this video 20 minutes now..i want to learn programming for my future i didn,t recieve the cheat Sheet /watch?v=fHXfX9_jO9g&t=4s&ab_channel=NEWPROJECTS It says “process finished with exit code 0” without my name why does it do that? Mosh: in the challenge where you have to print a ‘F’ with Xs, in your solution you define the inner loop to be repeated ‘x_count’ number of times, which is 5, then 2 and so on…. However when we define a number in a range, I thought it would take all number below the defined range, which in this case should have been 4, then 1, then 1 and so on…. No? 28.10 
ans
user_weagiht = float(input("what is your weight(in pounds): "))
poundstokg = user_weagiht // 2.2
print(poundstokg)

comment down below if you have anything to ask :) 牛逼 Mosh is so sorted. This is simple and great tutorial. while running the 1st step of printing our name its showng hi pycharm but not what i had not entered 16:00 lol i did a little over board with the second challange

name = input('What is your name? ')
print('hi ' + name)
favorite_color = input('What is your favorite color? ')
print(name + 's' + ' favorite color is ' + favorite_color) Hi, i want to go in automations and internet of things 😊 As per 48:34 summary learned - course.title() has not been explained under that topic You're the truth brother!!! 48:52 23:44 wanted this knowledge to implement on data science, machine learning and cloud computing, what do you suggestFajne byly te reklamy. Teraz gowno maja. Cudowne 🥰 Allegro to są śmiecie zwykłe od kilku lat, 10% prowizji, czyli miliony PLN dziennie sprawia, że w dupach im się pojebało. Why am i crying? poplakalam sie This has to be one of the best adverts ever, not just for this niche but generally. Memorably awesome definitely. It touches my heart straightly😢🥺❤️ 의통영 친구들아 답을 알려줘 #hategogslovecats My classmates like this movie because the grandpa was brave and hard-working and he tried his best. : ) My friends and I were touched by the movie because the grandpa had to be quite brave to go to another country by himself. Będę opowiadać wnukom o tej reklamie🙂 płacze za każdym razem 🙈 I just wanted to teach English to my students but we all ended up crying Watching this in May makes me miss Christmas.... Algún héroe sin capa que me diga que dice en la parte de "aerolíneas argentinas"? Язык -Семья The world cheaters Allegro Entendi foi nada This is just one of the best commercials I have ever seen.  Ever. And, I'm not saying that just because I used Post-it Notes to learn Spanish. ;) I love Polish 🇵🇱❤ I want cry look this one and look turkey OHHH THİS ONE İS PERFECTT Wiecie że to mój wujek. Que onda gente Oooooooooo That got me.. Ooh man. Water works going on over here. Dos-ko-na-łe !!!!! Bawi i wzrusza... Szacun dla tego "GranPaa".. 👍😀 good sharing super Lot of laugh ! Ofcourse no one's told him that english dont'speak english :D They rather speak eenyysh, yeenglesh , enesh,  ynsh .. Ale jaja , ale jaja!  Przecież angole nie mówią po angielsku!  
Taki zawód w takim wieku :( "I'm gonna f*****g kill you" XDDDD It's not Christmas, I'm not in Europe. But it made me cry. A man who loves his granddaughter enough to learn another language. So sweet . O co chodzi z tą reklama? XD bo widziałam przeróbkę i przyszłam zobaczyć oryginał I can speak 3 diffrent languages i know how hard it is if you dont have any choice like me you have to work more hard. My gf she's from ukraine and she can speak english but her parents they can speak only russian and ukrainian and now i cant speak with them i have to learn this language and i have to speak with them i have to communicate with them i hope i can learn because im working really hard and never forgot 
Do not scare for talking and make mistakes i learned another two languages like that you have to believe yourself and you have to be strong Me motiva a querer aprender ingles. primer comentario en español Dziękuję za reklamę ❤️ zawsze poprawia mi humor i przywraca wiarę w drugiego człowieka 🥰 ほっこりした☺️ U nas dobrze wczoraj ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++!!!!!!!!!!! please i want name on thats movie ... białego społeczeństwa!!! excelente... Also watched during Christmas 2020. If this were real rather than a  commercial, you know that the little granddaughter would be speaking and understanding Polish because she learned the language from her Polish dad. Yes, she'd be bi-lingual. Mom would, too, having learned from her husband. I'm sure the little granddaughter would also have a Polish first name as well, perhaps her deceased paternal grandmother's name (grandpa is probably a widower; he also strikes me as someone  from the educated classes who had a profession in Poland as an academic, an engineer,  etc). Allegro zrobiło reklame lepszą od 80% polskich filmów Kto w 2021? kto płacze razem ze mną w 2021? Kochani sprzedam Wam kasety English for beginners najtaniej na tym świecie i najlepszy kurs! Hejsa venner hvis i ser denne besked så like den eller svar mvh Karl Thank you sir for teaching us Nothing is impossible, the main desire and motivation!) video is very motivated This is how you need to learn English) Oh my God. It’s so cute 🥺 It so cute video Chwyta za serce Zawsze mnie zastanawiało w tej reklamie dlaczego to dziecko jest czarne xD Otwieram każde Święta Bożego Narodzenia tą reklamą. Jest fantastyczna. PIĘKNE PO PROSTU PIĘKNE Pozdrawiam <3 k0zak How i can find budget of this ad? A może by tak dziecko uczyć po polsku? 🥺🥺🥺 This is cute No face masks?! I am not crying! You are! Wzruszyła się na reklamie. No szok To jedyna reklama która nie wpycha na siłę swojej marki, tylko subtelnie zachęca do swojego produktu/portalu this video is subversive to polish culture Wow!  So sweet! Piękna reklama I thought he was about to say “im gonna fucking kill you” to the child lmao Damn onion ninjas.. Wow. Why did my dad send me this- Yo no sé ingles pero quiero aprender Zdecydowanie najpiękniejsza reklama świąteczna jak do tej pory 🤗 oddająca prawdziwego ducha świąt i pokazująca co się na prawdę liczy 🙂🎄🎀 My teacher played this in the class for a project we were doing, and didn't turn it off when he cussed at the duck, lol. Gross communist propaganda using the cover of Christmas. Shameless. najpiekniejsza reklama✨🥺 Couldn't he have just gone to the zoo? minha expectativa é de aprender viajar ensinar e várias outras coisas . Viajar e curti a vida sabendo falar outra língua Just perfect! #ponadczasowa Kolejny grudzień, kolejny raz oglądanie tej reklamy. Genialna . 4 years and still crying while watching😭 To co, gotowi na powtórkę w 2020? 😁 To już czwarty rok z rzędu, kiedy w grudniowy wieczór włączam reklamę Allegro. I nic się nie zmieniło. Na końcu płaczę jak dziecko. 2020 pozdrawia 4 lata minęły, dalej zachwyca I am crying Tak powinna wyglądać prawdziwa reklama i started crying from the very beginning ugh Święta 2020 uważam za rozpoczęte :D "Czego szukasz w Święta?" - normalności w tym roku, Allegro, normalności... Ya Allah ampunilah dosa kami semua yang setuju like. if you want God to forgive you dont commet here just go to the church and pray. Wizualnie aktor wygląda jak mój tata, który też się intensywnie uczył języka angielskiego w domu na spotkanie ze swoją prawnuczką w 2010 roku. Przepiękna reklama! Dzięki Allegro 😙 oj tak byczqu +1 To ten, chyba można wracać do tej reklamy ;) 1:20 bweakfust2021 Now 😎 Thanks for sharing. These lessons  PDF please I'm watching vedio molly 
Thank u mrs molly.
Molly I want to learn English.
Help me English. Watching this even though I’m fluent in English Thank you for this videos lessons were very interesting Yes I can Thank mem. Plz ,can I know the curse when end. Can all speak English well 16:55.how does the o be a concenent wonderful Shout out to my mom Molly ❤❤ Thank You Thank u Ms for everything  im following  u  every day Gracias Thatcher Thanks for the classic Hello from who whach this video in 2021 ? I  am so happy thank you 😊 miss Molly Araplar sarmis sayfayi hic turk yok🙈🙈🤣🤣🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷 🌹🌹🌹❤️❤️❤️❤️ شرح رائع جدا جدا Baraa 17:00 اللهم صل وسلم وبارك على الحبيب المصطفى صلى الله عليه وسلم hey people, i´m brazilian, my dream is live in Canada, i understood everythin this one video ALGÉM DO BRASIL ????????????????? Thank you miss Molly Stone انشرو فيدو جديد that boy laughing 😕😂 Good job. thanks for your great work Good teacher 🙏
I am is not understand English
I'm from Sri Lanka now working Reasurant Saudi Arabia
Thank you 🙏🙏🙏 I love learning with your English videos.  They are very useful for a new learner like me. My dog's name is Homme. Hits blunt* I cannot believe my cat watched like 3 min of this vid 😂 Verb to be  ( is, am, are ,was were, been ) Nice to meet you.  My first name is Sombat.  My last name is Souphakhot. Thanks You are the best teacher ❤ Thank you soo much for this video 🇩🇿🇩🇿🇩🇿❤️❤️ 我要开始学习了 Can you sand me your WhatsApp page omg so much thanks it s so much helpful Ali abi bitirdin bizi İngilizceyi bırak sen de kurtul bizde kurtulalım abi sevgililer Saygılar Ali abi🥴🤒 A única pessoa que ensina verdadeiramente, Inglês de forma gratuita. I like this  👌 Hi am very happy to stady we the you and am red to continue to stady we the you Isu and I had judge the SJSU dubstep Met bud ليش بافي المقاطع مو مترجمة و بضعها محضور؟! 2021🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹 Congratulations It was verry good من فرحح 🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️ Wowowowo very much lady stone you are the best i am using your genious method to teach my daughter..thanks so much, wishing to send her to you soon for a language stay. Gracias profesora de donde eres xin chào nhá I'm from Viet Nam Fake engilish speak When the teacher said i understand other videos i don't understand اتمنى الكه مثل ماري بس للغه التركيه 2022/6/18. الجمعه انا اراجع اللغه From June 2021💖 Tank you 💕🇮🇶 I'm new here اللي يبي مترجم يضغط على الثلاث نقاط ويحط الترجمه عربي អរគុណ Hani zedin Alanzay Thank you so much for that 🤍 I join the  class June 2021 good   Job   Teacher ماري مزه ✓ teacher molly is very good llove English  lam somali because  Don't know English Where their from? شرحها سلس ومفهوم وعسل Hello my teacher I am anew student بعتمده مره مفييدد هل هوا مجاني حقا او لا ما نوع السبورة يعني خامتها إيه عايز أعمل سبورة زيها؟؟ These videos are more useful without translation Teacher, the answer is your right, it is correct, but as for this answer is correct, her name is Mary l am very loved your learnen I really liked Ali is character, he laughs a lot and the eyes of the person who sees him are happy :-) :-) 
29:55 🥰 God bless you...  thank you She is good teacher Thanks حلو خالص I Learning English today. Thanks Sayarma. Thanks you Teacher Molly. God bless you Molly Brilliant teacher at all good Thanks so much . وين طلعتي منه Hello I can’t download pdf. Pls help meAwal's Full English Course - https://bit.ly/3fnhq4B Good morning sir Thank you so much sir ji 🙏 thank you for teaching new word sir Thanks for your video My best english teacher in my life 🙏👌👌👌👌👌👌 Nice explained Thank you for teaching us in a amazing way. You are best techear in world and you teach very well very nice video Thanks for reaching Me Sir your teaching style is very interesting all the words can easily understand. Thanks for this video sir 👍 Aap mujhe English Sikha Sakte aap har roj video dance sakte hain isliye main arihaan shrivtastav bol raha hun Awal sir , I have watching your videos just for few days and now my english is good little bit , I have watched your all videos like ,use for have ,has, had , related every videos so I very happy and now I am still continue watch your video ...I wish I will 1 Day I speak fluently English Bcoz koshish karne wale ki har nii hoti like that ... 😊😊😊😊 Thank u for teach new words Thank you Good teaching sir Thank you so much sir for teaching more words🤗🤗 Thank you for teaching New words. Thank you for teaching new word 😊 You are best teacher best sir Thanks for teaching new words 🥰 Very nice Very good 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 thank for teaching me Thank you for teach new word Thanks🙏 sir best teacher for my contry Wowwww you r like pro You teach like a professional Thank you for teaching new words Sir make vdo on conversation between student and teacher it's a request I only follow you on youtube and i like your teaching method as well.i wanna get complete english language  course Sir your method of teaching is so good that i learn soon whatever you teach !A lot of love from pakistan 💖 Amazing video and Amazing knowledge,,💖 Sir u are best teacher 👌👌 Thank you for teaching new word thanks you for teaching new word 😅😅 Which app is best  for learning english??please,someone suggest me..😞 Thank you for teaching new word I had understood very nicely Thank for teaching Thanku for teaching new words🙏🙏 Tq for teaching new words Thank you sir Please Make a video on access word Thank you Kaise hai sir Tqu so mch sir❤ Thankyou sir for your concern towards your every viewer Thanku sir ❤️ Tq so much sir Thanku for teaching new words😄 Thanks alot sir for teach me new words with explanation and it seeme to me you are very genuine Teacher... U r a very good teacher i like your way of teaching .. So thanks for teach difficult word Thank for teaching in spoken English Thank you for teaching Thank you.  I learnt  multiple Hindi words relating to the introduced English words.  Maybe you can teach Hindi for beginners with similar approach.  You are good.  God bless & wish you lots of success.  Regards from Malaysia. Thank you for teach  new word. Nice video You are the best teacher of INDIA || Very nice you have teach..... Thanks.. THANK U FOR TEACHING....😀😁😀😍😻😍 Sir your teaching quilty like a professional. Great. 👌👍👋 thanks for teaching us many interesting words ❤️❤️ Interesting videos loving sir Thank u for teaching new word 🔥🔥🔥🔥🎉 Great sir Thanks you for teaching new word You are a great sir You are right sir 😍😍 Thanku for teaching us New words %₹*"=€₩;%# Legend see this video after 10 million subscriber Thanks for teaching me new words.😊 You teach us like a pro.😍😍 😊🙏 thanks Thank you for reaching new word You are the best🤩🤩 🌦🌦🌦 You are tha best techear Thank you for teaching words. Best English teacher Super explanation 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 You are great sir👍👍 you are best teacher I have learnt ametuer, native,exclude ,blunt, whisper Nyc bro 👍💕💕 Sir you speak english like a pro😎❤ Sir which difference between frequently and  Often Thank you for teaching new word Thanks sir,,, for this genuine method of teaching ❤️❤️❤️❤️ Sir muja be engish sekhna hai Thanku very much sir ❤️❤️My teacher never told me about the special vowel 😕😕 I learned a lot from you thank you soooo much!! I love your teaching skills ThnkU so much good teaching I learned more English, by ma'am Esther, thank you ma'am and more power, god blessed you, Can you teach me personally Maam you know how to speak Tagalog because I can't speak English Guud teacher This tutorial isn't just for beginners. As a writer myself, sometimes I tend to neglect even the fundamentals of sentence structure and its a good thing that these videos exist as a refresher for me. Thank you for this! This is the best Online English course  I've ever watched ! and also  you're so cute Teacher, you saved my life from being noob, In high school, thank you very much !!! Amazing explained. Obviously! Slow, easy to understood 🙂🙂🙂 nice too see you btw.. Esther knows how to teach. Love from india and respect from the world 🇮🇳 Ok teachar ❤️❤️❤️ Thank you for sharing
Video is too long
Could you make the video shorter? i am from Bangladesh... u r teaching method really outstanding & essay.. thanks a lot for u r valuable video.....☺ Perfectly 😊 i love you "soooooooooo Today, I have finished this course. I have learned a lot. Thank you so much teacher. God bless you and bless your family with full  of love and  full  of grace. Very 👌 I learn to this forever and I get it several about the use systems Thank you madam 🙏 That is still wonderful video in the youtube. Thank you. many many thanks ❤️❤️❤️ Can i write it on my write 📖 📕 Eshter is a very good teacher. Watch at 1.25x and thank me later I like you She is a very great teacher. 👍👍🥇🥇🥇 haii teacher I'm from  India ❤ It He Wownow I really understand your evil thank you teacher 'I wish you a long and healthy life and a happy life Amazing Thank you so muchhhh, to the bottom of my heart ❤️❤️😭😭 I like is teacher Iam studying 7 class iam school first you are best Sister I am class first on school I am from India in Tamilnadu I like your vidio it is more than school Good morning friends Don’t give up!!👀 啊鸭鸭！没有字幕看不懂鸭！ Now I know that "y" is a special vowel...😊🙃 This is danish from india really I expect learn from you teaching way I cannot see your full video but I will identify something have in ur video so I will try to develop in my carrier. Must I have to watch ur full video 🥰 thanks mam really good👍 i love it😇😍 M*😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 Woaw very helpful 🔥⚡✨ I've learned a lot because of this video, thank you for your clear explanation. Hi I'm your students Helped me so much ❤️ Wow 😳 wow 🤩👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇪🇷🇪🇷🇪🇷🇪🇷🇪🇷💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐god bless you more and more 🙏🙏🙏🙏🇰🇷🇰🇷🇰🇷🇰🇷🇰🇷 Sim, eu sou o comentário em português que você estava procurando... Is very good She is golden teaching GREAT!! 'Little did she saw.'
Is this sentence grammatically right? Thank u so much Good class ❤️ I’m born and raised in London, England so I have no idea why I’m watching this but here I am 🤣

Edit: Northerners in England could really do with watching this part 13:00, they never seem to add an S on to their sentences 💀 Bom I need big pdf is there available I finished in 10min @Shaw English Online Posessive pronoun for HE is HIM, right?? Not HIS. He-His-Him. Dil se thanks🙏 Jz Pizaa is a food not a thing, haha, at 25:18, I learned more here from u than school thanks for the lesson i'm from brazil and i'm studying english and omg she's sooooooooo cuuuuuuuute <3 Tyy... i guess nice course Put this for my Asian mother who is currently 50 who’s been living in New Zealand for 30 years. your a best teacher Good teacher 👌👌 some noob told me to learn grammarly-
so i learned grammar
she needs grammar
yes the best teacher and it's very clear to understand Thank you very much for your English lessons.😊😊😊😊 I watch more videos from YouTube, have YouTube more English lessons  i learned English by YouTube 58:55 Well, better than ever . Thanks ✨ Please someone can help me with this problem , why "he sings" has s at the end , because previous lesson we learned that by adding s mean plural , he is not plural 😍 Thanks! I understand clearly what she discussing all about... Thanks to you teacher greetings from philippines They help many people Thank you for teaching The battery hits its capacity. Is it right? Wow, I wish I had such kind of beautiful English teacher in my school❤️ Mam English spacking  kaise kare pls send   me Thank you for all your times Best teacher in the world 🌎 Excellent teacher She is so humble and polite i need someone teach me 46:20 Got my sat on 28 of august thank you for helping me review my grammar l learned a lot  of grammar .appreciate you."Nice to meet you" is my favorite :) people be having a cute reason on why they're learning this while I'm here only to flex on my friend Me: *learns the signs*
My knowledge of the signs 10 seconds later: Adios I was reading a manhwa where the main character cant hear and uses sign, this got me curious. So i decided to check out asl. I am gonna try learning it too Hey everyone I work in a bakery so it's helpful to know sign language to explain to deaf customers the different types of baked goods etc. P.s. i learned to sign fluently in one week so can you! I don't know why I'm learning ASL if it's not the signal language of my country ;-; Ah yes, thanks Youtube for recommending this so I can learn sign language and impress that imaginary deaf girl in my class. I am here Incase I have to bullshit to strangers when I am too nervous to talk I m deaf .i m from india .its like usa help teach on talk .. my name is Ashley and when i read "my name is Ashely" in the video i was like "AYYYYYYY" Hi Ashley I've became hard of hearing and have been watching your videos to learn to sign because my hearing is not getting better but just wanted to say I love watching your videos i wanna learn asl so i could communicate with the girl who usually orders at the place i work. i wanna learn sign cuz my friend knows sign and i wanna have a secret language with her .. hello again  I get feel well before I went to hosptial for two weeks  done,  I was surgery final out by tumor inside of side face,,  whew , I AM FEEL STILL WELL HEALTH CARE NOW,, OK my ass really tried to put the volume up to 100 so i can hear... i watched super nanny the other day with that one episode of the deaf parents and all kids are full hearing
made me wanna learn it just in case
and i used to have friends who were like half deaf and such and there's a few kids in my school who are deaf
so i just wanna learn it in case it's ever needed
i know most of the abcs (p, q, r are a bit heart to remember and g) and most everything in this video And I just want to know I'm left handed so can I learn using my left? I'm a hawker and I'm feeling stupid when I can't communicate with other people. So there's once I encounter a group of deaf people and I just standing there like smilling while holding my phone trying to communicate using writing. But instead they just nicely pointing out what they want to buy and showing numbers on their fingers probably confirming the price. And I just nodded. And after they purchased I just bow a bit trying to thank them.
I really want to become an awesome hawker that can communicate with everyone. And English is not my first language. I learned it a bit from my days at school and by myself. Thank you for this  channel! It's my favorite.  You've  taught me so much. The slow motion of the signs is the best. I'm actually afraid of deaf people because one time I was with them inside a van they were next to me (2 people) and they were signing so hard they always hit me with their elbows, and I couldn't tell them that it hurt. So I endured it for the whole trip :( *Preparing for my future kid, incase they become deaf* just in case i meet a cute deaf girl learning because my girlfriends parents are deaf and i want to better communicate with them:) my uncle has 10% hearing in both ears and these videos are really helping me out. he's going deaf slowly Now i can finally talk to my deaf cat I came here so when someone tells me to put a mask on I can just say I’m deaf. watch "the silent child" short film and learn the importance of learning sign language oh my goodness thank you so much!! I've wanted to connect with my in-law for the longest!! you're awesome!! how to sign you are hot ? thankyou for learning Im here because me and my friend random thought one day it would be cool to learn sign soooo now here i am... Of the 5 languages I know ASL is not one, I must learn !! Its 2am! Just watched "Silent Child" short film and then I'm here! i forgot all of them already Thank you soo much dear 😄 Thank you so much for this! I've been extremely hard of hearing since completely losing my hearing in one ear overnight in 2014 and my remaining hearing is pretty bad. Thank you for posting this. I watched an episode of Little House on the Prairie last week, and the episode involved one of the main characters teaching sign language to a teenager who was deaf. It inspired me to learn ASL. Thank you for these lessons! I am really liking ASL. I have been practicing every day for a few weeks now and am loving it more and more! im learning sign language just in case i get invited to be a part of a converstion i dont wanna be part of or someone in the public calls me out and i can ignore them i wonder can we use the hand we want or must we use just one of them? Thankyou, I’ve been wanting to learn sign language for a while but I struggle with learning at times.... though I’ve just memorised all of these in 20 minutes and will make this a nightly thing. Perfect video 🙌🏻 Thank you for your efforts
Please, can you give me a list of static(without movement) words of American Sign Language?
Thank you in advance I want to learn bc I have a co worker who is deaf and I feel like he’s lonely and has nobody to interact with 🥲 I’m hear after watching GVK and seeing all the sign language and actually want to learn it Thank you for this easy tutorial for beginners! I thought there's sum wrong with my earphones How is the sign of Bill Gates in ASL? Am i the only one  who is adjusting the volume 🎧🔊🔊 I'm trying to relearn ASL to help a patient of mine out she seems understandably frustrated with the barriers placed in front of her There is a deaf deaf in my school and so I’m trying to learn sign I'm so glad I found this. I'm a Massage Therapist and I had a deaf client today. With the mask mandate, I felt so bad that I couldn't talk to her. Thank you!! English is my second language and I'm here to learn a third one. I'm amazed by ASL. Thanks! 🖐🏼🙂 Well learning this because of creeps I love the slo mo.
It's JUST what I need. I though my headphones weren't working, oops I saw a story where people living in a locality learned sign language to surprise their deaf neighbour and I was like damnn.. Someday if I meet a deaf person I would be acting so dumb and can't even talk.. Damn I need to learn it.pluspoint I can also use it when I'm angry and tired and I don't want to scream. You know energy saving peaceful agitation. I can only say: ‘Hello! My name is Kat. What’s your name? Nice to me you. I know a little sign..’ I’ve been practicing real hard to remember these signs, now I’m ready to surprise my blind friend! I'm an introvert so I must know sign in order to avoid talking. Yes I am big brained 😎 I’m doing this instead of English class Thank you. I sure wish I'd learned sign language in Jr. High, as I had a crush on a deaf boy, and I was too shy to speak anyway. when people yell at you all the time because you can't hear them, you quit trying to talk, and learn how to "act" like you are hearing them, by matching facial expressions, laughing when they do, etc. If you ask them to repeat, they'll usually yell at you. Anyway, grateful for these lessons, as I'm half deaf now. Progressive hearing loss. And to "talk" to others....what a joy. "am grateful for my hearing" button This is so helpful. Thank you. Thank you for this. Im trying to learn to communicate with my husband. One day his hearing will be completely gone. My name is Cameron Hull and i work at starbucks and i am watching this video just in case....lol Did I really just get done eating left over Panda Express and instead of sleeping had the sudden need to learn sign language? Yes, yes I did. Thank you so much for doing this. I was taught the ASL alphabet and basic signs as a child in Girl Guides back in the mid-70’s, but it’s been quite a while since I’ve signed with anyone and I’ve been trying to remember what I was taught those many years ago. (You just never know when you might end up needing to sign & understand ASL, as I discovered one summer not long after I’d first been taught beginner ASL). 

My family and some of my parents friends with kids the same age as my brothers and I were all travelling & vacationing together with RV’s and we’d stopped to camp at a lakeside RV campground in Chase, BC for a week or two. I was born with a genetic condition called Ehlers Danlos Syndrome (type C), and most days walking or even sitting could be very painful for me at that age. I’ve always been fairly shy and a bit of a loner, preferring the company of dogs to people, (still do tbh, lol), and on our 3rd day there when all the other kids & my two older brothers were off racing around, I had chosen to stay sitting with our family dog near the shoreline. While I was there, an middle aged male I didn’t know came over and started attempting to talk to me. 

I knew better than to talk to a stranger, and refused to answer any questions I was asked. I became quite frightened by his repeated attempts at getting my attention, and got up to leave. My brothers and the other kids were out of sight at that point, and as I turned to leave, the man suddenly grabbed me by the arm. My dog instantly reacted by growling and placing herself between the stranger and I, but she was just a little terrier/dachshund/chihuahua mix, and not exactly the worlds most terrifying sight. He still immediately let go of me, but by then I was in tears and so frightened I couldn’t move OR scream - and as I looked wildly around for someone to help, a young man in his late teens suddenly came running up out of nowhere and literally shoved the man away from me, and then proceeded to also stand in front of me along with my by then VERY upset dog. He didn’t say a word, but merely clenched his fists at his sides and glared at the older man - who clearly decided it was time to leave, and quickly left the area. 

The teenager turned to me with a concerned look, and began wiping my tears with his sleeve...but just smiled at me after and didn’t say anything. Just then my brothers and the other kids appeared off in the distance, so I quickly thanked him and my dog and I made our way over to rejoin the others as quickly as I could. After telling them what had happened, my brothers also wanted to thank him so we returned to where it had happened, but the boy was gone. Two days later when we were back out on the beach, this time with our folks (who were also very concerned about what had happened & had filed a report with the local RCMP), I noticed that the young man who’d helped me was fishing over on the very long dock that was the local tourist attraction. My parents and I went over to where he was and as they began to thank him, I noticed him staring very intently at my folks as they spoke and for some reason began to suspect he might be deaf or hard of hearing. My suspicion was instantly proven correct when after they’d thanked him, he smiled and signed “You’re welcome”. My parents didn’t understand ASL, but I sure did and I immediately began signing “Thank you” to him over & over. He seemed absolutely taken aback for a second, and just lit up in a brilliant ear to ear smile. Turned out I was the first person he’d met outside of his family who could sign even rudimentary level ASL. 

After introducing myself & exchanging names, my folks invited him and his grandmother, (whom he lived with), to join us for supper that evening, and by the end we were all fast friends - he was the same age as my eldest brother and he was immediately included into our little multi-aged group. (His grandmother later said that evening was happiest she’d seen Terry since the death of his parents 6 years earlier). I happily spent the rest of our eventually extended time there that summer doing my best to translate for him whenever he needed. We continued to stay in touch for several years, and would see him whenever we’d go back to Chase in the summertime. 

Sadly, eventually the day came when the letters stopped & the phone number we had for his grandmother was discovered to be out of order. When we arrived there a couple of months later, we immediately went to their home, only to find he had moved on from the area following the death of his grandmother about a month after what was to be his final letter. The neighbours unfortunately didn’t know where he’d moved and we sadly never did see him again. I’ve thought of him often through the years - I will never know what might’ve happened if he hadn’t been there that day, and am always so grateful we met & I was able to communicate with him thanks to having being taught basic ASL by the Girl Guides. I actually speak several other languages as well, and made sure to teach my own children what I’d been taught by both Terry & the Guides - it was actually the second language i taught them as little ones. Yet again the importance of knowing even rudimentary ASL was brought home when one of my then 9 year old eldest son’s best friends lost his hearing in a car accident. 

I recently read that some believe that ASL is in danger of dying out due to lack of funding for teaching. If true, this would have tragic ramifications for the deaf and hard of hearing communities, which makes videos like yours are even more valuable and important than ever. Thank you!! I thought it would be a great idea to learn to sigh. I am a cashier and have a few customers that sigh. 🥰 She is going quite quickly. i have decided to learn some sign language in case if i meet someone who signs and because i want to anyone else? 0:03 Hello
0:11 Deaf
0:17 Hard of Hearing
0:23 Hearing
0:38 Are you deaf?
0:51 Yes and No
1:05 My name
1:16 What's your name?
1:26 Nice to meet you
1:39 I know a little Sign
2:00 Whoa you sign fast
2:14 Again
2:20 Please sign slowly
2:39 I understand
2:46 I don't understand
2:58 Sorry
3:06 It's fine
3:12 How to sign _____? I want learn ASL but I from UK i use BSL and I am deaf Hope I going holiday will use ASL :) If it’s too quiet just turn your volume up 👍🏻 eowew I'm learning sign incase my tinnitus worsens. I'm also learning incase I ever meet someone whom I want to be friends with is deaf of hoh. Thank you so much for slowing down hand signs Just watched the anime a silent voice and it hit me so hard that I must learn sign language or just exist. I dont know anyone who is deaf, I just felt I owe this to them in case I met someone deaf, its easy everyone should learn it Is this vid mirrored or should I be practicing with opposite hands? I wanna talk to the deaf people I work with :) Sklvgkfrz
Emma as much as the sighns are good you were going preety fast can you try to slow down a bit pls My best friend was diagnosed deaf a couple weeks ago.i promised her before she went deaf i would learn it for her. Its a bit hard to remember but ill remember it. I promise. My dad has been dead since he was 5 and I am fluent in ASL but I want to get better. 2 small flexes: My first words were in ASL and I taught ASL to KU basketball players when I was 2. ☺️🤟 I learned the alphabet when I was a kid and it stuck with me all these years. Nowadays I can’t get diddly squat to stick in my head so I keep watching vids like these. Does it matter which hand you use for one handed signs? I'm left handed, so I feel like I'm probably favoring the wrong hand. EDIT: Nevermind, just saw her "left/right hand" FAQ video. im learning sign for a few reasons

i wanna learn because my friend/guy i like is mute so i wanna understand him or communicate with him. 

another reason is because i wanna have kids. just incase i have a kid who is deaf or mute, i can teach them

lastly, im going deaf so i guess thats a pretty valid reason😻 I came here cuz I felt like learning sign language and I went to the comments. Now I wanna watch the anime “A Silent Voice”. My best friend's GF is deaf, he knows ASL and I wanted to learn too so he doesn't have to always translate for us. Very excited to learn! these videos help so much :) Is it necessary to raise your eyebrows when doing sign language? Why? I wanna download this video for later so I can teach to my deaf students. 
I downloaded this video once but now I have to pay for it. I am simply learning because recently I have been going through a  lot of stress and talking  is just stressful and I dont want to quite simply also I had been planning on learning asl for a bit I Used To Have An ASL Class In Collab In Elementary School and I was really interested since there was a deaf dependant there too and the kids would come and play Aswell but, the only reason why I'm pretty sure everyone hated that class was because of the teacher, they were mean, disrespectful, strict (Stricter Than normally strict) Would Yell And Get Mad When We Couldn't Remember The Sign And Get Extremely Mad When We Wanted To Go To The Bathroom And Almost No One Wanted To Go Anymore But Thankfully she left In 1 Month I'm Pretty Sure. awesome video Hi, thank you for offering this! So helpful!! I don’t use Instagram so I cannot follow you there but will here on YouTube. I have a question, Do I mirror you? If I mirror you, I’d be using my left hand, I.e. pointing to me or you. Or do I use my right hand mostly? Thanks! Watching Ginny and Georgia brought me here I guess my volume key is bad I wanna learn it to help and talk with deaf people by asl languahe ❤❤ I work in sales, and sometimes I get deaf customers. The other day I got one and he was really interested in the product but I had a hard time communicating with him. I'm hoping next time he comes I can be more helpful and with my other customers as well.Waw sir apki speech Tq sir 🙏 Sir full pronunci full series I am a student. Hi Hi Yes Thanku sir practice English Will be Was Will be Were Is Are Hello sir
I am a staff nurse
Are Thank you sir Yes sir Good morning sir He's a student. Hii sir I  am  a  Nikul Hii Sir you are really Doctor of english You are great sir Very nice class I like your lecture sir They are She is absent yest We were students I am new stubent Sir your voice very beautiful ❤️❤️ Mere ko english bilkul bhi nhi ati h Mere ko english bilkul bhi nhi ati h Where do we have to use Ain't? We are students. Thank you sir enjoy the lecture 🙏🙏🙏 Uhh are such an amazing teacher... thank you Sandeep sir for teaching 😊 am India the west sir Indefinit kyo kaha jaata h . Tenses ko Sir hme join karne hai Sir aap ne sidha hi present past or future pr aa gye phle ye to btao ki tense kya h kse pahchne in tenses ko .indefinite kse bna or continiue or pefect kse bna.plz ye sb phle achhe se smjaye ye ratne vala kam h jo hm school me bhi pdte aa rhe h. Live classes kaise milegi mere ko plsss tell me sir. Hello sandeep sir... Hii sir Sir shallbe kaha use hota hai. Thanks sir you are so good teacher I am a new student of you sir. I like your class 😍🥰🥰 Thank you soo much sir😊 🆂🅰🆁 🅸🅰🅼 🅶🅰🆈🅰🆃🆁🅴🅴 Sir telegram me kis naam se join kru plzz reply Sir, According to this hindi name(उज्ज्वल - Ujjjawal/Ujjwal) which one is correct. Sir, According to this hindi name(उज्ज्वल - Ujjjawal/Ujjwal) which one is correct. Hi sir Haaaaaasaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasaaaa Sir many people watching your videos and learning English. But they can't practice. They have not platform to freely practice. 
So please you make new group from your subscriber whoever want to practice . If there are few people we can talk on WhatsApp video call or Many person we can talk ( practice) on zoom application. Hii Thankyou sir👍 You  explain  very  well Thanks  sir Luv uu sir jii Thanks I am enjoyed sir Will be Were Were Was Sir mai meerut sa hu Sir aapna whatshap number do Sir mujhe bhi join hone h Sir l'm your new student form ..Odisha .... Hii Hello sir  l am new student I am new student from Nepal Thank you sir for your English grammar My name Dee pak I'ill I am new Ruday  Sonwane   from kaij Awesome teaching that I need 😊😀😀🤗 Sir I am Ankita Thanks sir.. As sir Sir iam new students 🙏🙏👍👍👍 sir Thank you sir for teach me 😊🙏 Sir you teach very well Sir I am Yashsavi Parihar Sir will be kyo aaya Super sir Hi sir... Good morning Weak hai First teach us grammer we'll change our accent after it Very nice Sir i am your new student form india🇮🇳 Welcome sir 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
प्रणाम सर जी Such a great lecture thank you sir 😊-------
PLEASE READ THIS IMPORTANT MESSAGE:
Dear subscribers, इस वीडियो में 22:49 मिनट में मैंने The (द) - consonant sound  और Thee (दी) - vowel sound लिखने की बजाय गलती से बोर्ड पर इसे उल्टा लिख दिया है, वैसे Examples बिल्कुल सही दिये गये हैं। हमेशा ध्यान रखिएगाः आपको कहना है The (द) अगर consonant sound से अगला word शुरू हो और Thee (दी) अगर vowel sound से अगला word शुरू हो।  प्लीज इस गलती को ignore करिएगा और आप गलती मत करिएगा। - आदित्य सर
------
My Books, eBooks & Web Courses: https://in.spokenenglish.guru/
My Lesson-wise 350+ Videos on 64 GB Pendrive: https://in.spokenenglish.guru/product-detail.php?id=2
Order/Enquiry @ +91-8448443310 or WhatsApp @ +91-9760375308
My App (Prac. Ex. & Quiz): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.qtime.spokenenglishguru
Follow me on:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/englishwaledotcom/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/spoken_english_guru_adityarana/
My Trending Blogs:
Tenses: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/tense-definition-rules-charts/
Verbs: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/all-verbs-in-english-grammar/
Conversations: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/conversations/
Translations: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/hindi-to-english-translation/
Vocabulary: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/vacabulary-and-pronunciation/
Daily Use Sentences: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/daily-use-english-sentences/
Interview Q&A: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/interview-questions-and-answers/
Punctuation Marks: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/14-punctuation-marks-in-english/
Active-Passive Voice: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/active-and-passive-voice-rules-tricks-charts-exercises-examples-pdf/
Direct- Indirect Narration: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/direct-and-indirect-speech/
Parts of Speech: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/parts-of-speech/
Noun and its type: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/noun/
Indefinite Pronoun: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/indefinite-pronoun/
Adjectives: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/adjectives/
Prepositions:  https://www.spokenenglish.guru/prepositions/
Causative Verbs: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/causative-verbs/
English Writing Practice Ex: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/english-writing/
English Speaking Practice Ex: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/english-speaking-practice/
English Listening Practice Ex: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/english-listening-practice/
English Charts: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/english-charts-tense-chart-conditional-chart-active-passive-chart/
Essays: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/essay-writing/
Speech: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/speech/ Thankyou so much Sir ❣❣❣❣ Very nice sir Thanks sir first day awesome Raha 🙏🏻 bohot hi accha samzaya Thanks sir  for wonderful video .. Sir please share your mobile no I want to learn English.  I want to join your class for spoken English. You really teach very well.I am very sure i will definitely learn English. Chan shikvta sir tumhi... Hi Very nice class Very nice 👍 Sir ap se request h ajtk apne jitni bhi video uploaded ki hai unko sequence wise lga do . Ek video ko dekhne ke baad smjh nhi aata ab kon si video dekhe Nice work good sir Thank you sir Thanks dear see!! Thanks sir Sir please tell me Sir occur meaning Very good explain sir Good morning sir Bahut achha lga sir Sir me English shikhna  Chianti hu  apke  video  ache lage   but itne  sare  videos  h to muje  samj  nhi  aa  rha  kha  se   start           kru  jese.    English          class 1. day   English    class2day Good luck congratulation ji Fantastic Sir य do baar isme hi thoda smjh ni aa rha Si pls pronunciation ka video banaye banaye Assalam o alaikum sir ap mara english language ka murshid Tq sir Live class 🙌 lo sir 🙌 English bolna sikhaye Sir year ke last me ar ka uccharan yar ka kaise hoga so nice vidio sir............
thank you sir................................ That's great Sir I am a new child Sir ye apki video chal nhi rahi hai Mashaallah Thanks 😊 Good job 🙏👌👍🙏🙏 nice Sir y k jo concept bataye h waise toh u k sath v apply ho skta h n ???qki u vowel hai pr kv kv case m consonants k tarh v ho jata h Nice Thank you so much sir 🙏🙏🙏 Sir aap bahut Achcha English padhte ho Sar main Hindi medium ki student hun Meri Thodi English week hai OK 🦋 It is fake Jo log video ko un-like kar rahe hai vo "ham Kuchh zyada jante hai" ye 'khud ko' bata kar santosh pana chahte hai, Negative people hai yaa Trainer se jalte hai. 

Mai English nahi'n janta, lekin itna pata hai ke jo Sikha rahe hai vo positive mind se sikha rahe hai. Unka Dil se Shukriya man'na chahiye. 
Sikhane wala hamesha Guru hota hai chahe kisi se bhi Sikh rahe Ho. 
Jo Kisi Eilm Dene wale ka Adar nahi'n karta vo TaaZindagi Kora hi rahta hai. 

Jab bhi koi sikha raha ho us ka Abhar (shukriya) man'na chahiye. Jaha bhi, Jis se bhi sikhne ko mile, Sikh lo0..! Chahe kisi diwar par hi kyu'n na likha ho!!? 

Mahve Tasbih hi to sab hai magar Idraaq kahaa'n?
Zindagi khud hi Eibadat hai magar hońsh nahi'n..!

In ke kuchh video Maine dekhe, samajh me aate hai. Kabhi kuchh baat samajh nahi'n aati to free time me fir se Dekhta hu'n. 

Agar koi bat samajh nahi'n aati to us me ghalti sikhane wale ki nahi'n. 

Baris sabhi jagah ek si hoti hai lekin pahad us pani ko sambhal nahi'n pata kyo'nki us ka sar Uncha kiya huve hai. Sarkhez Matti bane'n. 
Time tha to likh diya. bura lage vo mujhe bura likh Sakte Ho lekin raat ko Sochna ke aapne sahi kiya yaa ghalat?? 
Positive rahiye. 
🙏🙏🙏 Sir hame pangram nahi pata tha thanks Sharab acchi English padhaate Hain thank you sir The shepherd but isko thee pdenge sir isme consonant sound aa rha hai... sir plz slove my doubts I really like the way you teach Very good sir g... 👌👌 सर आप अंग्रेजी सबसे अच्छा पढ़ाते हो सर मैं हिन्दी मीडियम का छात्र हूं इसलिए मेरी अंग्रेजी कमजोर है वर्तमान में सर ‌सभी परीक्षाओं के लिए अंग्रेजी भाषा सिखना आवश्यक है मुझे लगता है कि मैं आप के 30 पाठ पूरे पढ लुंगा तो मैं भी अंग्रेजी में सभी से बात करूंगा आप का बहुत बहुत धन्यवाद सर Nice sir ji Kya sar hamen English shuru se and Tak sikha sakte hain please bataiye mein comment box mein apna number dijiye hamen English aati nahin hai main shuru se English sikhani hai Jaise bacche se aate Hain Sentence  means sence 🤔 Sir Yash Raj Gupta Tq sir Nice What a understanding Who dislike to such videos.😑😑 You are a best teacher Sir 12 class ka english grammar 0 level se bataiye Sir kaha se english sikhna suroo kare ki sab khuch samaj me ajaye. Sir i think aap se thee or the mai kuch galti ho gyi hai Incredible 🙏 Very thankful 🙏🙏 to you sir, your video is very helpful to me sir Thanks again Sir Thank you so much sir for such a useful English video and .method of teaching is so simple and easy Very nice video sir I got it Hjk L NICE Sir aapki class bahut acchi hoti h mujhe sb samjh a jatah thank u sir 😘😘😘😁😁😁😁🎂🎈🎈🎉 Sir aapki book flipkart per hai Aao mujhe bhi aapke sath sikhana hai aap bhi answer do abhi ke Abhi Thank you sir Thank you sie one like for explaining sound of s in school સર તમે ગુજરાતી મા સમજાવોને To sir ji. (A pen) Hota hai na, apne (The  pen)kiya hai kiyu. ? Started english classes How stupid who dislikes this important lesson Tq so much sir Good vedyo 27 मेरे दिमाग में तो यह भी नहीं घुसता पता नहीं क्यों भूल जाते हो Nice Nice Thank you so much sir 🙏🙏 U r great English teacher 👌👌👌👌 Thank you so much sir😇😇 Your method  is very easy and wonderful👌👌 Bhut bhut dhanyvad guru ji Thankyou so much sir 🙏 Hamko ye bhi ni pta Thank you so much Sir 🙏👍❤️ thanks 😀Get 29% OFF all FrenchPod101 subscriptions here: https://goo.gl/ojPRtL 3:33 1:31 nobody:
The subtitles Je m'appelle ingredient LOL First of all, thank you. Secondly, you may know how to speak French but you are not great in math. This is not French in 25 minutes it's more like 24 mins... Anyone else feeling dumb reading the french out? 13:18 Came here after Loic Soberville be honest, you’re here at 12-4 am in the morning and you just suddenly searched up how to learn french- French white girls are smooth lol 😆 Thats a really pretty woman right there Dude seriously chill, I know tat ya tryin to put everything in couple of minutes but damn u are fast.. it’s like someone’s peeing in a waterfall.. chill Me: excusez-moi, combien coûte ce chapeau?

The seller: uhh ma’am what are you saying Apprendre le français en trois minutes.
Je suis locuteur natif du français et j'ai toujours autant de mal avec ma propre langue...
J'imagine que pour un étranger c'est l'ascension du Mont Everest 😅 I am an english teacher and I have two french students from  France. I am trying to learn basic french to teach them english so that they can understand what I say. it's too hard...mam I’m just grateful I have the right tongue for it. im tying to learn french so i can watch lupin withoust sub no man, I can crack toughest English exam as many times as I am asked but French words are transmitting over my head, bloody hell!  not mandatory, however , gotta learn French for immigration purpose but gave up Les gens qui parle en français, il ont tellement de KARISME Ingrids insides >____> who else is giving up after encountering "rencontrer" ?🤣 We all knew we wouldnt learn French in under half an hour but we all clicked anyways 😂😂 I love French. It sounds so beautiful. I am trying to learn french coz am gonna go to a uni in france hopefully . Can anyone who is good in french text me coz I really want a french friend to practice with Too fast. lol why am I here? I already know how to speak surrender Me: okay, the first sentence is easy.
Also me on the second sentence: ren- what? 😀 "Now its time for Ingrid's insides" Bro wtf i was looking at her clothes instead of learning french LOL! It is so cute Francais on trois minute Alor, from Sicily Si Senora we know Latin I took 2.5 to 3 years. About 20 years ago. Ta ta for now And vu durien....your welcome Merci Beaucuop Ciao is both hi and bye in Italian 6:55 ME OOF Je speak françes oui oui ней The dialect itself is hard! ha  am watchn this cause i ddnt pay attien n french lmaoooooooooo Bad boy brought me here something u should know:
A LOT, I said A LOT (almost every teen) of french people use the word "wesh" (it's slang) but it can be used in any sentence and doesn't have any sense so if u ever hear it, just answer as if u didn't hear it. 
(I'm french) Im not used to people talking in french in good audio For me its like learn Chinese, khon khon khey je bhoi I am sorry...but I laughed a lot when I saw the title...

"Learn French in 25 minutes!!!"
😁😁😁 as a Portuguese speaker I thought it would be easy like Italian but I was wrong I just got a add for learning French too lol veh ver veh veh ver veh why do french ppl speak so fast She’s talking so fast over rencontrer I can understand how to pronounce it TOO FAST Thank you! I'm listening at 0.75 speed cause it's so fast lol your explanations are so dogshit. it is so out of pace and poor time explaining your words I was loving the language until I got to the numbers..why did they had to make it so hard uuugh Salu jimabil Hasan Merci beuxcoup, I'm from Egypt. Magnificent  Video  of french Am I, a spanish native speaker, learning french only because some of my friends are taking classes and I want to come back from the summer knowing more french than them? Yes, yes i am Why is she talking so fast?!?! Wtf Her: Now say “Enchantee de te recontrer
Me: Enchanted king kong Meee After I played ac unity I wanna learn french So in french we don’t pronounce the word R ? Right ? me watching this preparing for a french test i didnt study for I'm Indonesian, and it's so hard to pronounce it 😂 I think Japanese is the easiest language to be mastering for Asian, or even entire the world 🤡Me literally learning French from past 3 yrs in SCHOOL and forgot all grammar and have exam soon.. Lol.. 
There tecahingw ya is really boring we all students forget it within 2-3 months so i am trynna start learning it again I had to take at least 3vyears I'm in love with this launguge I don't need to learn it because where I live it's far away from France soo ya I'm just in love with this launguge also the reson why I'm learning it is because I'm a huge fan of miraculous All i remember is jamie and Claire when hearing French the pronunciation of recontrer
WHAT Who was the mf who thought adding math to counting was good if anyone interested to learn french with me. i speak it and i reside in France. He or she has just need to help me improve my english. So let me know in the comment. Bye! Here to unlock the French side of the Code Lyoko fandom Came here to learn how to order in a French Restaurant with proper manners and diction. 
1:30: F*ck It, I'll just eat at Starbucks instead. merci my mom is french and i cant speak it *crys* 20:55 Kathe want the suit Agréable de voir que les gens veulent apprendre le français This wouldn't help me at all should I find myself in the middle of..............let's say...................Paris.  The title of the video is "....in 25 minutes but you state we'll learn what we need in 3 minutes.  Will look elsewhere. 0:53  Double accent I quit after enchantee de te rencontrer. It’s too hard So you never use the r sound? thanks💛💛👍 Comment ca va Who is french but still watching this? Hello everybody 
I speak french and i learn English i need someone who speak english and wanna speak french to practice RIP.... 😂😂 nice video Nobody:



me trying to sound like im from french: *Mhon Nhhumhero c'hest*



not even 1 min later: *EnchRarAntee de something?*


*coughs to death*





*never doing that again im quitting school* I am Russian watching in English how to learn French ಠ_ಠ Worst teacher ever you can't teach beginners who are trying to learn and speak that fast you can't catch the pronunciation or nothing it's sound like a sound of diarrhoea wow...its confusing because you pronounce the words differently from its spelling...i guess french alphabet is different...\ My throat hurts 😭 You look like Caroline from tvd I’m currently learning French before I go to Paris for Juste Debout and it’s this girl down there I like and so yeah lol 12 years of school taking French classes for nothing :( J’ai appris le français!Awal's Full English Course - https://bit.ly/3fnhq4B Thanks for 35 phrase 
Thank you so much  sir powerful 3 tips for english learning Thanks sir I have got such a good teacher Mr. Awal, I couldn't have asked for more. Wow sir very nice video Anyone like to practice English with me ? 🙄 Very Good English Lesson. Excellent teaching Waooo Nice video Sir meko English sikhne ki bhut jarurt h so please helpme Lockdown mee konn konn dekha rahahe ?? Sir you are doing good work and i wish good gives you lot of happiness☺✨ Thank u so much sir 👍👌👌 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 Sir you teaching very well. Love you For what Your English skill is too good after watching your video my english speaking is better❤️..Thank you sir and mam you both are very intelligent....👍 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🌷🌷🌷🌷 Sir, May you kindy guide, May we buy your course videos in form of CD or PDF? Thanku sir Thanks for made this video you are incredible English teacher Great ❤️❤️❤️❤️ Thank you sir. V good sir,keep it up I watch your all video.thanks sir This is good one 👍 👌 Nice sir your all sentence are very clear I learned a lot to this video, I couldn't have asked for Thank you so much sis for this video good one ✌🤗 Thank you sir 🙏🙏 Why are you so sad , 
Why r u help me
Why are you come my school
Why not
For whom
How come 
How come to u quite today
Anytime you come my home
How mean girl 🤨
I nver know
Cant say
Why take a Chance
Just beause you are you are my best friend that reason i call to you
Not yet
Nver mind i have completed work 
So what he dont help me no Problem i know he is busy
After you
I agree with your Decisson 
Are you done your work
I wish i learn english Fultey
Your vedioes is good one than other vedioes sir
I could have asked for more 😊😊awal sir vedioes like comment and share😊😊😊 I want to join yr conversation group Sir word meaning Aad kaise hoga Sir ise hum "for what " nahi bol sakte... Mee and my whole family luv  watching ur videos Thank you awal sir😁 Best teacher ❤️❤️ I don't know what kind of people of those who disliked the video but one day this person brings you here to watch definitely ⌚ good sir Sir you are amazing 😊 For what Thank you so much sir ❤️ Thanks sir your teaching way for good U r just wow 😳 sir. If i had found your channel a bit earlier i would have brought a lot of changes in my english. Never mind i m working on myself 🙌thanks a lot sir 🙏 Good one नाक पे इतना गुस्सा क्यों रहता है?

 in English speaking? Thank you for teaching me Very Good Morning 🙏 Radhey Radhey Sir ji🙏🙏thank you sir ji Thank you sir Mortis Kon lockdown mein english sikh raha hai हमको इंग्लिश नहीं आता है Lockdown mein kon kon bor ho rha hai Good working sir Sir l like the way you teach us. 😊 Good morning sir Sir mai ek uk k ladke se chat karti per English mai answer nhi de pati Good sir Op 👍 I'm kirti M bhi sikh rhi hu sir Thank you sir, keep going Thank you so much awal sir. 😊🙏 Any student here Pdf chahiye sir vvvg Awal sir aapka English achcha laga 👍 Mujhy Basic Level Sy sekhni ha Plz  guide and hepl me Sirji very nice your English speaking now best Your teaching way is funny and nice. I was I am learning english by awal sir Hi Very nice video and your voice is too good Lovely😉😎😉  one🙏🙏🙏 thankyou Awalsir for update this vedio 😀🙏 Don't give nepotism kid's example Fantastic lesson! Keep up the good work 😊 Thanks sir Thank you sir.. You are really good Tq sir... 👍 So amazing lecture ❤️❤️ 4:54 😊😊 What is your chat watsup no Good teaching sir.congratulations Super sir.... God bless you abundantly Who teaches  you English? Naki   Teaches who  you English Says who? Nahi brother,.  Who says? Always provide A Pdf pls.. Sir kya ye video students ke liye nahi hau Nice video 👏👏👏👏👏 Sir thankyou so so much ❤️Sir you are the best teacher in the world Thanks you sir 👌👌👌👌👌 Sir thank you for teaching Jioooh saaabaash sirrrr 😂 Aata hai thoda thoda 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌 Thanks sir You are the best teacher of Bharat  fantastic sir wonder full. My favorite teacher 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 Sir Muggy Online Class8Ka parana Hai Thank you sir Nice sir Thanks for you sir l am priti Sir me Delhi me panda chaheta hu to    
Sir interview kaise de class six ka please sir batana Sar aap bahut accha padhte hain mujhe bahut achcha lagta h thank you sir Thanks Sir Bahut achha padate hai sir aap Hello sir Very       Best class Samajh lagbhag aata hai lekin likh nhi pate Sir English likhna kaise sikhe bilkul sahi sahi Hii sir 🙏🙏🙏🙏 Nice English Sir thank you थैँक्यौ sir Thank you sur Wow superb sir GOOD SIR BEST YOUR ATTITUDE AND YOUR BODY LANGUAGE Yes sir I am really ready your spoken English Sr mujhe English bikul nhi ati h You're best teacher in this would Thanks so much sir Sir you are very good teacher You are a great sir. I LIKED VIDEO THANK YOU SIR Thanks sir Yes sir thank you sir . Wow sir you are genius you are great 🤗 Sir I am very impres your video You are great sir🙏 Thank you . Your teaching style is too good.  You are absolutely great sir . This video is very helpful for that persons who want to learn English speaking. 🙏🙏🙏 Sir aaram se samjhaya kero bich bich me pagal q hojate ho.. Thanks sir for this video 
Really amazing
I m impress to your teach method You are GAMES sir Super triks 👌👌👌👍👍👍 Good sir You are real teacher English spoken is this country  I learn English and speaking English Good morning sir You are a great sir🙏🙏 Sir Ji mujhe aapka sabhi video chahiye suru se aant tak Very nyc sir 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 You are garet sir 👌😍 Thanks Very much sir Sir you are very entelegent Nice sir Thank you very much sir 👍 Thanks sir 🙏🙏 Thanks sir Sir , you are great person ,I want to speak English as well as I want to become a English speaker/Teacher and acquire more knowledge in the field of English. You are right sir, " If you want to become a good English speaker than first of all, you will have to become a good listener." 
Thanks sir for guiding.
🙏🙏🙏🙏 Hello sir Sir you are really great because you are real hero Thanku so much sir for best guide for speak english Nice sir Sir main aapke sath hun Thank you so much sir mujhe apni jaan se bhi pyari hai English Super sir भेलू। Translation into English Mangae sir ji Best teacher 👍 Wow sir I like your idea thankyou Thanks sir ji Ok sir you are great of the world🤘🤘🤘👍👍😊😊😊😇😇😇😍😍😊😊😇🙏 sar aap DSL spoken English mein kaise padhte hain aur Kitna rupaye lete Hain free padhaate honge live classes kitne baje bataiye aur kaise mai aap se spoken English suit kar sake 3 hun bataiye copy mein apna nahin de rahe hain bataiye yah bhi bataiye ki kitne paise lagte Hain thank you sir Sir online class karna hai Sir, I'm ready to learning spoken English.... Bas aapka aashirbad bna rhe... I am praud of you sri Your tips very strong Sir, you are great teacher Very nice sir आप बहुत अच्छा पढ़ाते है सर Sir u r the best teacher to the learn English for the students   u r great sirr 🙏🙏🙏🙏 Nice superb intelligent good job your english is very good You are great sir 👍 Sir good class 👍👍👍👍 Nice sir jiii Sir English pnd bata dagei Nitukumari Mai bhi spoken Thanks sir Wow sir kitana acha se samajhaye very thanks 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 Good morning sir Sir I am a science student I  read in 12th class Life is short thing
Girlfriend is nothing
Free fire is everything Sir you are great 👍 Yes sirThank you❤ 😊 Sir you are best teacher in the world 
Sir lessons are so easy and effective 🙏 Super idea sir , thanks sir Thanks sir Awesome bro My.name.is.khalilansari.supar.dupar.aap.pdhate.hai मै आपसे जुङना चाहता हूँ कैसे फोलो करें Satish.kumar Thanks Thank you so much sir for this lecture 👍👌👌❣️💯 Salamun Alaikum wwbh Sir Lajawab. Good speking thnq so much sir Great Asain triak des ji Thanks sir English sikhana chahta Best best best 🙏🏼 Aneeta baiga687 English Nice Sir Faltu ka video Hello Nice sar Outstanding video Sir 👍your explanation is too good 😊 Nice video sir. Thank you so much sir Great 👌  sir g Aap bahut achhe teacher ho..

🙏🙏 Where i get full course? Very nice Good morning sir Sahi Tarika Very well sir👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 Very good Nice nice solve the meny student problem  to you Aasan tarika he Aap galat tarika se padha rahe hain sar Thnx English mujhe Surya sikhana hai Pls.  Make avail more videos of suresh kumar. 
Pls.  Make avail more videos of suresh kumar. 
Pls.  Make avail more videos of suresh kumar. 
Pls.  Make avail more videos of suresh kumar. 
Pls.  Make avail more videos of suresh kumar. 
Pls.  Make avail more videos of suresh kumar. 
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 Outstanding. U r always best sir U are right sir Ji Sir main English smj jta hun but bol nhi pta hun sir Awal sir আমি ইংলিশ শিখতে ঢাই খুব ইচ্ছা Nice sir Dusra bhi lecher  sunna chahti hu please Umm Very very  nice sir. That's right sir Priya You are very good teacher Sir mai 8 pass hu bas mere ko abcd ate hai or kuch nahi ate m English shikne ki bhut kosis karta hu but nahi aa rahe hai or job milne m vi bhut dekta ho re hai mere ko Ham English language shikhne. Ke liye paresan hu par Nahi Shikha paye Osm sir but sir mai copy se read karta hu Thank you sir Very good sir nice Wonderful sr nice sir great Good vedio sir Thank you sir Good morning 🙏🙏sir ji Badal rajbhar UP Nice Nice Sir Best video Very very helpful डीएलटी Varun kumar Good Thanks you both very  helpfull Sir Tech are good Very good technology sir Thanks Xxxviod Nice sir Nice sir good tech English sir video very nice Sir, Grammar sikhneke liye Kon si chapter se start karna chahia???? Ramesh Tendulkar Have a good Sir m English pd lt u par matlb hi pta or abto English b nhi aarhi h Good morning Sar aapane aur video Dali hai Hi Very nice  sir Teacher ho to aap kai jaisa thanks sir aj ka video bht he accha tha mai her roj video dhekhu gi हमे सिखाओ Superrrrrr... Superbbbb... Your teaching is realy good Handsome English language Aap hame english sikhado ji aap ke ham bahot abari rahe ge hame english nahi ati h Sir full english shikne ke liye kya kya karna chahiye mujhe tak mujhe full english aa jaaye please sur answer Biak bord par likh kar jamjhateClick the "JOIN" button below the video to support freeCodeCamp.org! i loved how he used The Office reference for the example Has anyone used sql 8.0 version and face issues while running commands in the sql line command? I am unable to run pop sql, getting problem in host how do i know my host please anybody help popsql is paid app, can't we use any other app? Guys just install mysql workbench(free)for those who are facing issues with popsql. popsql for desktop  or for web? which one to download? what software do you use to record your videos? Thanks Absolutely a Great class . Thank you so much MIKE . I have these error in running the code, i need help
could not connect to server: Connection refused Is the server running on host "localhost" (127.0.0.1) and accepting TCP/IP connections on port 3306? could not connect to server: Cannot assign requested address Is the server running on host "localhost" (::1) and accepting TCP/IP connections on port 3306?

CREATE TABLE students(
    student_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    name_of_students VARCHAR(30),
    major VARCHAR(20),
); am getting this error when am running popsql  for the first time . Sorry, we were unable to reach the PopSQL server. plz help! sir i am getting a error 
Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock'
HOW to get rid of this Awesome Content. Thanks for teaching. I learned alot. 2.31 Thank You ❤️🙏😇 My friends don’t need a database because I only have like 3 The guy has a talent in explaining new information in a very accessible way. Thank you very much for all this effort! Really appreciate it! Hello. I am going to create a new project. I have already created my Business plan. My Market Research and Testings are ready. I am preparing my team at the moment. I want to know can you work with us? If it is interesting for you, I can write everything about the project. is 2021 now, i'm learning with that course but some commands isnt working, i guess the sql maybe have change some commmands, maybe i'm using a new version of sql, i am not sure about that(im brazilian because that my english is very bad) What's the database design tool? Hey man,  you explain SQL very well and effectively. I really appreciate your efforts and thanks a lot for this wonderful lesson. can't download popsql I watched and coded along to the entire course and it was 100% worth the time investment! I knew nothing about SQL going into this course, but now after completing it I feel comfortable writing my own SQL queries and designing databases for data science projects. Thank you so much to Mike and the FreeCodeCamp staff for putting this content out for free, I really appreciate it! There's a typo in the timestamp from the description, Functions section should be 2:36:24 Who else thinks that this guy looks like Mazepin from F1 😂 !ERROR WHEN I RUN THIS QUERIES INSERT INTO branch1 VALUES(2, 'Scranton', 102, '1992-04-06');
Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails (`satyam`.`branch1`, CONSTRAINT `branch1_ibfk_1` FOREIGN KEY (`mgr_id`) REFERENCES `employee` (`emp_id`) ON DELETE SET NULL) love you bro... Hi Mike! I tried to copy yours (58:11), but the result is SyntaxError: Unexpected identifier. Can you help me with this, please?

And why there's written JS next to MySQL? What does it mean? Simply he is god Such a great content!!! Thanks!!! You are one of my best Mike. keep helping the World Mike is obsessed with grades and honor rolls for some reason, most likely due to his intelligence. SSN s are not specific to citizens only! Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2)
on windows pls help This is an amazing tutorial for anyone who wants to know the basics of SQL. You are a legend. Explained everything in the best possible way. Keep up the good work. May people are learning through these videos. Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails (`dabs`.`works_with`, CONSTRAINT `works_with_ibfk_2` FOREIGN KEY (`client_id`) REFERENCES `client` (`client_id`) ON DELETE CASCADE)
for 4th value in the works_with table what should i do? You so good If anyone is having trouble connecting the database with popsql, and you're getting the unknown database error, it might be because you did the same thing as me. In the video he spelled the name of the database when creating it "girrafe" and I just typed the same thing, but when attempting to connect I spelled it "giraffe" because I wasn't just copying down what I saw. I didn't see anyone else with this problem so I might just be dumb, but hopefully this helps if you've made the same mistake. Gud luck learning :) 38:38 Did you just flip me off??!!     lol jk Thanks for this great video. Really helping me learning! Hello i can't find the pdf of the company database, Mike said that he put the link in the description but i can't find it anywhere. Can anyone help me with that please Whenever I need to revise I always come here. Whenever I need to revise I always come here. Whenever I need to revise I always come here. Whenever I need to revise I always come here . Isn't SUPPLIES a M:N relationship too. Are we supposed to create a new table for that too? With  BRANCH ID, SUPPLIER NAME AND SUPPLIER TYPE? I really appreciate your teaching method.. it's so simple even a layman can understand it... Thanks for educating the world 🙏..

Just a little doubt at 4:16:12 M:N cardinality actually I can see 2 relationships like that one at top or ER diagram you one more... Please clarify if I am wrong INSERT INTO employee VALUES(100, 'David', 'Wallace', '1967-11-17', 'M', 250000, NULL, NULL);
INSERT INTO branch VALUES(1, 'Corporate', 100, '2000-02-09');
UPDATE employee SET branch_id = 1 WHERE emp_id = 100;
INSERT INTO employee VALUES(101, 'Jan', 'Levinson', '1961-05-11', 'F', 110000, 100, 1);

INSERT INTO employee VALUES(102, 'Michael', 'Scott', '1964-03-15', 'M', 75000, 100, NULL);
INSERT INTO branch VALUES(2, 'Scraton', 102, '1992-04-06');
UPDATE employee SET branch_id = 2 WHERE emp_id = 102;
INSERT INTO employee VALUES(103, 'Angela', 'Martin', '1971-06-25', 'F', 63000, 102, 2);
INSERT INTO employee VALUES(104, 'Kelly', 'Kapoor', '1980-02-05', 'F', 55000, 102, 2);
INSERT INTO employee VALUES(105, 'Stanley', 'Hudson', '1958-02-19', 'M', 69000, 102, 2);

INSERT INTO employee VALUES(106, 'Josh', 'Porter', '1969-09-05', 'M', 78000, 100, NULL);
INSERT INTO branch VALUES(3, 'Stamford', 106, '1998-02-13');
UPDATE employee SET branch_id = 3 WHERE emp_id = 106;

INSERT INTO employee VALUES(107, 'Andy', 'Bernard', '1973-07-22', 'M', 65000, 106, 3);
INSERT INTO employee VALUES(108, 'Jim', 'Halpert', '1978-10-01', 'M', 71000, 106, 3);

INSERT INTO client VALUES(400, 'Dunmore Highschool', 2);
INSERT INTO client VALUES(401, 'Lackawana Country', 2);
INSERT INTO client VALUES(402, 'FedEx', 3);
INSERT INTO client VALUES(403, 'John Daly Law, LLC', 3);
INSERT INTO client VALUES(404, 'Scranton Whitepages', 2);
INSERT INTO client VALUES(405, 'Times Newspaper', 3);
INSERT INTO client VALUES(406, 'FedEx', 2);

INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(105, 400, 55000);
INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(102, 401, 267000);
INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(108, 402, 22500);
INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(107, 403, 5000);
INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(108, 403, 12000);
INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(105, 404, 33000);
INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(107, 405, 26000);
INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(102, 406, 15000);
INSERT INTO works_with VALUES(105, 406, 130000);

INSERT INTO branch_suplier VALUES(2, 'Hammer Mill', 'Paper');
INSERT INTO branch_suplier VALUES(2, 'Uni-Ball', 'Writing Utensils');
INSERT INTO branch_suplier VALUES(3, 'Patriot Paper', 'Paper');
INSERT INTO branch_suplier VALUES(3, 'J.T. Forms & Labels', 'Custom Forms');
INSERT INTO branch_suplier VALUES(3, 'Uni-Ball', 'Writing Utensils');
INSERT INTO branch_suplier VALUES(3, 'Hammer Mill', 'Paper');
INSERT INTO branch_suplier VALUES(3, 'Stanford Labels', 'Custom Forms'); 41:00   i haven't watched The Office but i think this would be a very funny bit if i had When I run it the first time it says "Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2)"

Things seem a bit different from when he made this video, so maybe I didn't set up the Connection correctly? Just a correction: 2:39:12 if you copy from the documentation, it says 'birth_day' instead of 'birth_date' like in the video, so just make sure to use the right one in your query thanks for your help very well explained...thank you :) GETTING ERROR WHILE ALTERING THE FOREIGN KEY IN EMPLOYEE TABLE....
CAN SOMEBODY HELP ME .... At 1:28:00 when I try to run, I am getting the following error 

Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2)

Can anyone please help me in fixing this error? I can't run it properly..it's all time show data could not fetch so i just watched timberlake as a programming teacher This was excellent - exactly what I needed. And Mike is a superb instructor. Couldn't get Pop SQL to connect to my database in MY SQL, though. mad good. Thanks man! Having problems with PopSQL.  Can't get to the screen where I connect to mySQL database.  Any suggestions? Couldn't get PopSQL or My SQL Workbench to install on my PC. Aaaaagh! Please update this video for 2021. The Office :) popsql i can't sign up when i click the sign button writing informations I started and wrote my first query, but got an error "Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2)". Can someone help how to resolve such error? love how the characters are from 'The Office'.. Hello All, 
I have started taking the course today and I am enjoying it thoroughly however when I tried creating my first table in PopSQL I got this error Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2), can anyone help me resolving it..Thank you so much in advance. Sir popsql is asking to pay now.
please help me out if anyone is sure that its free or not.
please help I am having trouble getting a free POPSql But, where is  Dwight Schrute!! i think you just saved my exam with this video Can anyone tell that while querying about employees born in month of Oct (2:49:40) we used wildcard, in that why we used '____10%' and not '%10%' ? can someone help me ? i attempted this problem many times but cannot manage to fix it (im using windows 10): 
Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2) I am getting this when i created a connection in PopSQL    please respond..."Uh oh :( Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2)" when i do the same which is mentioned in the video you are incredible Hello, i have downloaded the latest mysql and popsql versions.  I have also managed connection as instructed via the video.  However, whenever i run a command in the popsql, i encounter this error:


Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock' (2)

Hope to hear soon.  Thanks. How this man is so chill and can explain everything like a piece of cake? You are amazing Mike. Keep us teaching!!! the G.O.A.T mike dane! In creating the student table, I get "unable to reach the popsql server" error. really nice course with logical structures and understandable concepts I cant connect my server to popsql I love the subtle memeing. Totally agree btw. create table days(
name varchar(8) not null unique,
time int not null
);

insert into days values(day1,  2:05:50); Popsql is not free anymore in 2021.. Can we re do what you did in this video in a different text editor? Can someone explain me why you would use SQL instead of just Excel? It seems like all those queries can be easily done with Excel too. Is it because these databases can hold more information than Excel? I feel pity for him coz he always says relational database management system instead of RDBMS.😅😂 Thank you for helping a lot of people with your tutorial. Man, 1 hour just explaining what a Database is?  I just couldn't finish viewing your video. I was expecting something more hands on and not just talking? Besides, this was SQL tutorial. If someone needed more theory about Databases, you just could have referred to the books! Too much of speaking! Great tutorial!!! Thank you so much!!! Great instructor indeed, brilliantly explained everything and every topic. For beginners like me this tutorial is much more appreciative and great to learn. Thank you! Thank You Sir .. It really Helped me To Learn SQL. Perfect course for SQL beginners, thank you for the hard work, Mike! Legend INSERT INTO freeCodeCamp VALUES('Mike', 'The legend'); 52:26 I studied biotechnology and graduated five months ago. till now I'm doing odd work until I get a chance to find a job in my field which can be hard. so I decided to study new things in my free time and I found myself attached to the data analysis field after studying excel and now I'm more attached to SQL. this course is so great tbh I'm really glad I took that first step to start it. I'm considering shifting my career so I hope I come back here again in the future after I nail down a job to share my experience too as many others <3. In nested query if the query result is more then 1 and we have to perform operation on that. Then how to work on that. (Apart from ON. Consider NE operation.) nice😘👏👏👏👏 simply superb explanation , no amount of words tol describe how well articulated the concept is !! for those on mac:

echo 'export PATH=/usr/local/mysql/bin:PATH' >> ~/.bash_profile Awesome job brother first time I'm able to understand something of sql on YouTube thanks lot 👌👌👌👌👍👍👍I fear my sounding and doubt my English grammar when I start or think to speak in English. Gramar, pronation and spelling mistake I have this problem, I need your solution Tq mam My English in my mind like Lamborghini but when I start speaking it comes like maruti 800... Whenever I start speaking English my mind goes blank and I losse my confidence I fumbled and did  a lot of mistakes in front of anyone, even i can't communicate with them but when it comes to in front of me i did a minor mistakes and I'm confident Lack of confidence. i sometimes think in hindi , then try  to replicate that in English , which hampers the pace and also causes stutters in between As telugu guy  i talk english i walk english  is horroble The major thing is "PRACTISE MAKES MAN PERFECT"......just apply that🙏 I'm really worried about my grammatical mistakes, and I'm nt confident enough to speak in English in front of others whenever i spreak dont know  to spreak i cant make sentence . And afraid to grammatical mistakes I feel people fun of my English language I really want to learn something from you pls give your guidance When I was tensed somewhat  and  then I start speaking english as much as better. when I sit idle and thinking  about something and suddenly when some one  came around me start speaking english then there I completely lost myself there I make more mistakes
and while Iam going with the flow in between I stop and Then again I start speaking This is the common problem where I phase all the time so I kindly request can you please suggest me any thing that helps me inorder to improve my english language?? Hii.. Ma'am.. I'm worry about grammar. I understand all the rules of grammar but confused how to use at the situation. You can speak very well I love english and I think it is not so difficult to learn, but to practice it is more complicate, when we do not have anyone to speak. I am from Brazil and english that we learn in courses, to tell the truth do not teach us how the really emglish is spoke in real. I have many hard to understand and speak, cos I cannot practice. Therefore I like to watch people like you. It is so cool for us to know and to listen the way people from the various countries speak. Hi Taskeen, your videos are really great and helpful. I have fear of grammatical mistakes, sentence forming, and the issue of not coming with the right word in mind while speaking in English. Could you please help what are the resources to overcome these problems? Very funny= hilarious If I started to speak in English...  Can't  to speak for at least two minutes  in properly Whenever I speak english I'm tensed, another problem is sentence formation how can I over come these problems. I fear about all the three which you have said .. I want to speak English fluently desperately but offcourse short of vocabulary, confidence, lack of sentance forming skills puts me down... Omg why it's so hard When i speak out in english, i think one thing and the other comes out, That's why i fear about speaking in english😅 I don’t know when I am planning are preparing something I am very good . But when I want to talk infront of people I can’t able talk. I lost my confidence Sentence formation is very difficult.and the word meaning When ever I was speaking with lot of mistakes my confidence levels are zero....... Fear of laughing
Attend the ptm in school
Vocabulary not came at the time 
And one more think how to practice alone I will course of hacking from 10th Your speach gives more energetic mam I want to speak but i can't speak in front of someone. Thanks for this tips. I scared when I am going to speak in English with someone because I feared English that because my marks always came so low in English exam. When i try to speak in english with someone I always worry about my graamar This video is tooo use full those who r trying to learn speak I wanted to learn English seriously i lived in uk for almost 4 years my first language is urdu .but the basic thing is my learning is too weak .when I listen words that time those are in mind but later on i forgot . I m a beginner please guide me to speak English fluently.I listened ur video and will follow tips.from ur video I got that first of all I have to enhance my vocabulary. My fear is Sentence formation and grammar also. When I start speak in english my mind goes blank and that time I lose my confidence. I am so so much proud of you and love you mam I have fair to speak Because of less word I know
But one Will I speak English without any break 🤩🤩
i am doing Practice
Plz guide me I worry about my grammar 😖 Hey! telugu wow any Telugu peoples? This video is useful to me. Thank you  miss I want to be more grammatical while speaking .so when i want to do that i mess up with the formation of the sentence and atlast all i got is humiliating my self-confidence 🙂 i am worry about my grammar I difficult in sentence formation ♥️♥️♥️ Please make video on improving sentence formation while speaking 🙏 I am able to regulate myself until I am speaking with someone whose english is not quite good.But when I am coming across the people who do have good command over this language I get comfused and begin making lots of mistakes. 1 i'm  not able  to form a sentence 
2.fluency goes wrong  when I did spoken i can form proper sentences in my mind but as soon as i think of saying it out loud i automatically get jittery and ruin the whole sentence 😂😂😂🥺 when I speak i a am  scared, what I say ? I worry about my grammar Is reading books improve your english and helps you in speaking in English ? When I write there is no problem. On that time English comes out fluently, but during the course of talking I fase the problem  of  vocabulary and it's meaning Ma'am I can understand English but only issue in speaking... what can I do...? Tongue twisters I am talking English every day but I don't know what I am talking Is write or wrong I need any advice to speak in English more well I need answer while i am speaking english i feel like not speaking anything. I'm very nervous while speaking and i have a very bad pronunciation of words. As I'm not good at speaking, I will be stuck while speaking in stage I feel people make a fun of me . My mother tongue is Telugu
My national language is Hindi and
I have to learn English. I can speak properly with myself but when I'm going to talk others people then My brain automitically opposite work that's why I can't speak properly  with others... So now I'm thinking in this time that when I speak with others then I will keep relaxing my mind and brain so that I can talk rightly. By the way thanks a lot for making this valuable  vedio ... I always stuck with my sentance formation. I know this is just because of vocabulary whats you personal youtube channel name? I love urban fight What is we need to do ? That u told only. Thanx. I will do. I am not able to speak instantaneous Sentence formation difficuties English can be spoken by only,in free time u started English automatically either it may be wrong or right but u speak galt salt n one day u started English.its my experience When I try to speak in english, my mind goes full blank and iam mostly lack of words. And bcoz of diz , i can't communicate my exact feelings in words. dats my biggest prblm Ur short clips always given me confidence, I am speaking an English without fear but what's my fault that's MTI mother tongue influence can u plzz help me on it how can I correct it. Thank u I always find difficulties whenever I talk w new ppl or strangers.. Idk y but when it comes to my friends or my cousins it's like I'm the boss at speaking 😞😞😞 Plz can you explain  about cambly teacher app sometimes its difficult to form sentence a kind of hesitation comes whether am i framing a right sentence. And I am afraid to fumble while speaking when I am nervous and doubtful about my sentences. Sometimes due to nervousness my english becomes very bad, How to control that? 
Even I start forgetting things and using wrong words and wrong grammar I don’t know English but i can write anything’s Below your video because I know when you Read this comment You will correct this.Still I know I have a big mistakes Even this comment Public speaking in English is one of the biggest fear of mine... and i don’t how to get rid of it I find my sentence formation difficult. 
I also have grammar fear.
Sometimes I don't get word to speak. 
And when I don't get words to express there I stuck between the conversation. Mam not 7M+ it's besides 6.5M+ okay and I hope it will increase as soon as possible I find to make sentences formation difficult Iknow English when someone speak after the my turn is com I can't make sentance properly When I spoke English infront of  anyone I just scared to  pronunciation ? Bcz ppl judge fast and they starting laughing that's my problem thou😞 Hi ...am also trying to learn spokn english through your vdos..nd its very helpful..& i can undrstnd the way you r presntng..expctng more vdos.. Mam i have no one to communicate so how can i improve mam Please make more video about English Hindi me inglish 😀 Mam , Keep upload english realated videos  and we will support you When we start speaking words are not coming in the mind...so what will i do ??? when i try to speak in english words doesn't come to my mind. when some one ask me in english i don't find proper words and i stuck in that situation and then not having another option i jump to hindi ... 👍 I found sentence formation arduous..as I am trying to right here very tough..but according to your suggetion I search synonym of very tough..aply here thank you so much...your ideas are superb.. The actual problem for me is my accent, can u pls make a video on how to learn american and british accent My fear is: I become nervous and feel unsecured that I do mistake others would laugh at me. 
Well, I've been quite improving on it! Can you tell me book name Katuka kannula chinnadhi naa manasu dhochesukundhi 😍 I have nobody in my house who wants to talk in English, n my kids are too small to even talk n also I can't join cambly so.... This is the problem The urban fight is very good channelClick the "JOIN" button below the video to support freeCodeCamp.org! Well put together video. There is no filler here, just the right information given at the right time. Anybody can lecture but to be able to organize it so well was impressive. Best video on here. Thank you for this tutorial. Mike is my favourite teacher Please remove ads, its very irritating love your lessons 1:14:00 important question. when using code block, for some reason i can't use my cursor properly and edit my code without it deleting anything, if that makes sense, does anyone knows how to fix this? Yo! It's my first time ever getting into programming do you guys recommend me to start from this video or should i get some basics first or is this video enough to begin with? Can you follow this course with Microsoft visual ?
My eyes can't handle codeblocks whats the difference between cout and printf its all good but gets confusing after getters and setters lol I saw that fire logo in asphalt 9 club logo catalog Dear google no matter how many ads you show us, we buy them only if we want not because you showed some fucking ads..... hi guys.. can you all help me out here a little bit.. just started learning to code but when I open the app, it doesn't have the management and workspace as it was in 10:10 . I don't know how I'm supposed to write them innitially forgive me lord for i have cinned Watched this course for 2 days and aced my interview on the 3rd! for the guessing game one, the while loop thing in it, i am getting  error code C4700 = uninitialized local variable 'guess' used. how do i fix? Your A Legend Thanks A lot use double instead of float as a beginner for one decimal place? Has anyone pass the C++ certification exam simply off this video? Asking for a friend 🤔 why not just use visual studio 720p. 嘻嘻 i was eating cheese while watching Thank you 😊❤️ 1:13:10 XD I'm here to learn how to code custom enemies in my Newer Wii hack. any free books for someone with previous coding experience who wants to learn cpp to suggest? cout << 6+9*6+9; 1:15:57, aren't those lucky numbers from the show 'Lost', where they were the unlucky numbers lmao I request you to make an advanced C++ course also Thanks For your knowledge sharing & information today is my first day learning C++. 64 lakh views, congratulations freecodecamp,you deserve even more views. 💐 Awesome! ❤ It's easy to handle strings in C++ then in C. watching this already knowing some computer languages be like:→→→→→→→→... wait what?←←...... understood→→→→ still a good tutorial, especially for the fact that this dude finally managed to explain to me, what getters and setters are good for after 2.5 f*cking years. 11:18 you mean binary machine language? Thank you, it was extremely helpful. 👌 can you explain to me how 10:41 is the most basic code of c++, that's the most complicated thing I ever saw the array part doesn't work for me. I copied everything he did I'm sure of it but for some reason it doesn't work. There's a problem with the int part someone help.
What I had written:

int luckyNums[ ]  =  {4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42};         (this is the problem and idk what I did wrong)
 
cout << luckyNums[ 0 ]; The dislikes are from teachers who are mad that some giraffe guy taught their entire class in 4 hours the 20.03 version is a pain to download but it's done hours of waiting and watching For the calculator I made a version where the user inputs something like 10+5, and the program automatically identifies the operation and slices the input into parts to do it. Had an absolute blast making it :D The sleepy hood corroboratively attack because spoon precisely touch but a natural rule. lying, bite-sized ocean I am learning C++ so I can make games. Unreal engine use C++ and blueprint he just great "Biraffe Academy" This guy is one heck of a Comedian:):):):) As soon as you got to Switch statements, I immediately thought of YandereDev and his thousands of else if's in his coding. DONE finally now time to start competitive programming with c++ Hello sir I want to learn programming but I haven’t enough money to cost programming classes I'm here because my professor has a deep accent and I can't understand a single word he says lol at 2:21:45 ... i typed this code word by word now, because nothing was working before. But it still says that my variable "guess" in line 9 is not initialized. why does it run for him but not for me?
I use visual studio, could this be a problem? I'm a mechanical engineer, what am I doing here getline didnt work This dude teach a concept, then shows an example, easy to understand! 2:26:00 uhmm this code is hella long. u can do it sorter with a || in the while loop. and if they break out look at if its correct or not





This is what i think is better.
BTW Thanks for this amazing tutorial on c++ it really helped me with starting

int main(){


	int secretNum = 7;
	int guess;
	int Tries = 0;

	do {
		cout << "Enter guess: ";
		cin >> guess;
		Triess++;

	}while(Tries != 10 || guess != secretNum);
	
	if (guess == secretNum){
		cout << "You win!";
	} else{
		cout << "You lose!";
	}
		
} I start it right now . See you later . I am gonna write a review down here : Thank you so much!!!!, I have a final twm and this made it clear :D!!!! 21:14 You forgot to mention the exact link for code blocks c++ 31:27 As a retired person with too much idle time on my hands, I have been watching / learning from this video.  Great stuff !  However, I was really hoping you would give an example of how to generate random numbers.  I am a math / physics guy and in what I am trying to do I need to generate random numbers. i am getting "count was not declared in this scope" everytime what should i do.
when i am executing the data type Can this be used in hame development?? This guy is awsome I've watched many tutorials but couldn't watch it till the end, until i found him
kudos to Mike! This video literally is amazing; I learnt the basics ( I am still half way through the video ) I really wish to do something for this guy, I already liked the video and even subscribed to channel (I can't join, I am underage ) what is the different between ++a and a++ ? i did not understand what is the benefit of the second parameter(number) with find function ? Tolkien* "its a good language to learn if you are getting into programming" Thx now i can hack pentagon Hey, does anyone know how to get code blocks for a M1 MacBook I just can't seem to find the file? getline(cin, string) doesnt work ._. Whichever code you have written in this video Can we run the same script in vs code I've finished the 4 hours and now I'm about to start my first project to colonize mars. in 3:35:56 who else spotted an office reference> I thought for the longest time that Mike had shortbhair but got bamboozled at 1:48:44 , Lol Dr. Umoru on youtube has finally cured me of my HSV-2 I don't know how to thank you, truly you are a god sent... the video seems cut earlier than it's supposed to be 31:16 Hmm, que pena. Eu não sei inglês :/. Why is there no intermediate and advanced lessons? You know it gets real when he starts explaining what an IDE is 👍 I HAVE A TEST IN 7 HOURS HOPE ILL PASS 45:00 aww this int working with me :/ after installing code blocks theres an error that says entry point not found You're amazing. I'm 14 and I just love programming so much, but it was hard to find where to learn. why would anyone dislike this Couldn't get the IDE you recommended for Mac (too old a version), is CLion okay to use for all of this? 1:04:53 Was that a fucking Haruhi Suzumiya reference?! thank you so much Idk if someone pointed it out in the comments, just will leave this here, 'cause why not :)

1:53:54 Mike writes { ...else if(num2 >= num1 && num2 >= num3)... }, we can just throw away condition with >=num1. The reason is: we already in the first statement looked if num1 is the biggest. If it's not, then we go to this step, right? So we don't need to compare 1 and 2, we have done it before. On that point num1 is not the biggest (or not one of the biggest) and is left sitting in the corner - _-)/ my coding journey
day 1-Hello world - working with numbers 33:25 38:00 3:37:00 why use bool when you can use string function like for example string hasHonors () {
			if (gpa>=4){
		return "He is honored";
				
			} return "Next Year lol";
		}
simple as that not using bool one with ones and zeros thats lame but still man i would like to say thanks to you for your work you awesome 8:44Am enjoying the language already, thanks teacher Ü 2021 goal
To be fluent in 
French
Spanish
Chinese
Next is German thank you very much for your videos... I really dont know how to teach my son which is half german/filipino, but THIS video very much helpful, especially pronouncing letters is great! What's the difference btw letter c and t😭...looks like the have the same pronunciation not me trying to pronounce ‘r’ but ended up sounding like a broken lawnmower Thanks for video. It's amazing. so how to speak "R" lol I can't do it Arabic native 
English half
Japanese legand
Chinese half 
Korean native
Hindi native Thank u Jerman alfabet little bit same with indonesian alfabet From Today , I'm gonna learning German Language for My Higher Educational Causes and  Congratulations for me..🙏❤️✌ I'm DhanuShka Dissanayake From Sri Lanka 🇱🇰 kaya alphabet bahasa indo Video Anfang beim 0:22  bis 1:36 My cat has to teach me how to gargle the R s How the hell do u pronounce r in German 
I have been practicing for a week and i still can’t get it Hi I'm student for speak german I’m so damn tired of these r  damn Native Russian speaker
Native English speaker
next German
reason im bored and also my grandfather is German Nobody Me :I want to learn German bcs I want to go to German to study😀 Thank you  so much  
Love you 😍
It is really very  very  helpful ☺ cuz hey 2 me  all of us are free to speak whatever language we please  and just cuz  lets say a german couple move to the  u.s.a   they are more than welcome 2 keep speaking their beautiful language if thats wat they want    :) well I'm wanting to acquire the german language just becuz  I too love different languages  and also should i ever meet a german person  that may be home sick 4 their native land  in this case germany i would want to   talk to them not in English  but in their language even if they know english too, i just feel that to me it would show them that i care much about their language to want to start studying it so that they wont feel so  lonely i guess thats what i am meaning. Ich Liebe Deutsch und ich liebe Deutschland auch  :)   yay  hahahaha German alphabet sound almost similiar with Indonesian alphabet sound only far diferent in J V and Y, litle diferent in Q and W sound. But german n Indonesia have realy diferent language The Ü in German sounds like the letter Y in Finnish. That's why it's easy for me to say that letter since i'm also learning Finnish. Thank you❤ The only reason,im learning german is,because, 
YOU UTTTERRRRR FOOOL GERMAN SCIENCE IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD! Danke! Teacher i really Apriciate your lesson (*´▽｀)ﾉﾉ In Indonesia we change j 'yot' with j 'je' (like English version) and change y 'ypsilon' with y 'ye'

Ja (Dutch) = Ya (Indonesia) So basically french pronunciation with english(ish) words? (ee) (yot) (kah) Super like 0:39 People when I do something remotely feminine I came here so I could sing WMID 😭 now I’m trying to pronounce ‘ERR’ right but I’m looking like a fool. I just started learning German and it's a fascinating language. Some of the alphabet is pronounced the same as in French. Makes it a little easier for me. It's cool that the letter Y almost sounds the same as in Italian. German sounds like a mixture of English and French in my opinion. I’m very late to this and I watched this for review because I have been learning German and you explained stuff way more understandable than me being in a group and not really understanding so thank you!! I lost my shit at orange 😂 Very useful video. Thank you! 8.8 cm Flugzeugabwehrkanone 37 Selbsfahrlafette auf 18 ton Zugkraftwagen...
i know some german too Almost same with Indonesian pronounciation Geh looks like gay It's amazing how in our time we can learn anything faster, free and easier you don't need nothing just internet and YouTbe Watching after 7 years I write this all words in my copy Where is the "ü" letter This video makes it seem like German is just English with extra letters Rot (red) is so hard to say as someone with an American accent. Can't even say my favorite color in German. 🙄 15 Additionally it was the first of 12345678910111123141 vielen dank Learning German because I want to pursue my career in Germany 😁 Learning French and German wierd how close they are geographically wise but verbally so different The R (err) part got me chocking so hard learning german is making me too much laugh lol What is the meaning of chor I didn't understand pls tell Upsilon I feel like I am dead from Inside After seeing this I learnt little little german Native Urdu speaker
Fluent Punjabi
Fluent saraiki
Native English
Native Hindi speaker
Next ones: German and Russian We need all to start from the zero don't worry😁 I like German Good video omg german alphabet sounds so equal to portuguese, except of some letter like J (we say "jota" or Q (we say "ke") 444 11 99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 Aqfel Very good teacher, I am in love with this language I want to go to Germany one day,  I thought I should learn some German before that day comes :D Danke! 💕 Err and yot is pretty difficult. Hahaha not bad. It's my first time. Thanks 👍🏻 let's start learning 🙈 Hi sunny so we don't have a letter in German which sounds like english alphabet J? like in the word jam? Amad and the rest are all in the best of their lives and effects of course are not send to know what are u they have and effects are not the same as the rest are 7th century 7 year olds who have 77th 777 to 71111111111111112121122262717177 R........rot 😱😱😱 https://youtu.be/wgV_Xffa7Tw
 Learn 2 German  words  daily Mom I’m 4:20 It’s sound just like spanish alphabet Good systematic for the beginner.Thank you And the other one was a lot more fun and the better I got it from a son and grandfather than I thought he was going through that time and grandfather and he was very happy with me so I had a lot to say to go back home Q1234t678 Æ https://youtu.be/DR-ZgeS3DZg ::::::::::::::::::::::::::: Loh ko banyak yg sama kek indonesia?:"D btw, gua lgsg nyari alfabet jerman stlh nnton wayvision pas bagian yangyang nyanyi abcd ahshshs gua kaget gegara cara nyebutnya sama kek indo:") Danke How to pronounce correctly Orange? Hi everyone, I'm just started to learn German and want to know German grammar. For example Subject+V+Object in English. What about German.?
And Which one is more difficult (French and German)? When German is an aggressive language: https://youtu.be/Oy-cArjg3t0 Its similliar with indonesia waww I love Germany am in Germany I want to learn Thanks, Sunny Su! I've been struggling a lot since I came to Germany and now that I'm repeating 6th Grade here, I'd really like to learn this language since my mom isn't always by my side to teach me Deutsch, having the job of taking care to the people in a Home for The Aged, and because of just that, I,d really like to thank you again! When practicing pronouncing the German alphabet turns into NSFW for me because the pronunciation for I and J is inappropriate in my native language cuz it's like the ASL of F and G. Anyone in my house would probably ask me why I'm saying intercourse so loud not knowing that I'm practicing German 😂. I almost started to cry in frustration trying to pronounce "err" 😭 Is the pronunciation of ü she taught in this correct??? Because Google and other apps are giving different pronunciation for this. Help!!! Hans Thanks I learnt much in this lesson. Thanks for your services.Thanks sir Congratulations🎉🥳🎉🥳 Mahendra Kumar
Good morning Online Thanku sure Sir, bahut acchi video hai... Thankyou Sir...🙏 Yes sir best teacher 🙏 🙏🙏🙏 Kaun Kaun 2021 may dekh raha h thanks.sir Thank you sir You are right you are real sir😀😀😀😀🤓🤓🤓🤓👨‍🎓👨‍🎓👨‍🎓👨‍🎓👨‍🎓👨‍🏫👨‍🏫👨‍🏫👨‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👈👈👈👈👀👀👌👌👌👌👌🤚🤚💗💗💗💗💗💗💎💎💎🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 Mujhe online class atten karna borring lagta tha par mein ye class  mujhe bohut accha lagga Very nice lekchar sr Very very thanks sir गुड विडीओ सर love you sir सर आपके चैनल को बहुत बहुत धन्यवाद आपको भगवान हमेशा swathya रखे Sir mai apke center se book aur online english speaking class Lena chahta hu Sir👍👍👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙅🙅🙅 Sir. Iss series ka 2nd part konsa hai। Itne saare videos hai। Konsa video hai। Confused ho rha hai। Thank you so so much sir ❤❤❤😍😍😍 Nice thanks sir ham nepal sa hai Atul Kumar Singh Very good name in USA speaking class is the best Sir aapki,padai,muje,bahut,acha lagta, sir ji,, aapki,padai,me,hame,bhahut,kuch,sikne,ko,mil,raha hai,danyawad,sir ji Thank you so much sir😍👍👍😄😃✍️😊 🙏🙏🙏 thank you so much sir Thanks sir Hi sir Sir kya  aap daily kya aap Hamen daily padh padhaaenge Sar aap bahut accha padhte Hain ma 2020 ma dekhke 2021 ma bhi paunch gya.. Thank.you.sir Ser batao kaise aayega english bolna Eglish ke VD pdna nhi aata Saurav 9905233139aap aap Kitna Paisa lijiyega main online class karunga Thank you sir Sir five class ko nhi padhte hai Thankey sir Appka whatsapp Nadar do uasme app shikana Ser ap Sunday Monday bolte bolte Friday bolna bhul gye 🤤🤤 Kaise hoga sar Spoken sikhana chahta hu sar सर अपना नाम बताइए transparent Hello sir my aap ka videos dekhata hu or aap ka videos se bohut kuchh Sikha hu isali ai Thanks you so much sir Sare harbi channel bhejna 4th class ke to Hello sir Hay Sir app bahut accha padhate hai Mujhe Bhut Acha lgta hai padana Very good sir, you are the best teacher 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎😂😂😂😂🤪😀😀🤪 Sir mujhe English padaiye dermendra sir Koun 2021 mein dekh rha hai like comment karo Taqeeb 46 Nice sir aj se mai apko follow krugi or  or apki Vedio dekh kr English bolugi I am watch 2021 Thanks sir good evening shy ki meaning kya hoga Sir english bolna h mujhe Very nice video Think you Thaks sar learn do 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 Thankyou so much sir Hnoj Nice 💯 Sir you are great teacher thanks Aap bahut accha padhte Hain English pdna hai sar hamko bhi Sir class 5 padhaai Sir khas 12th tk mujhe aap pdate sayd me aaj entlijent hota 🙏🙏🙏I love you somach sir Sir bahut bariya video laga Sir I am watching your video in lockdown , I want to learn good English , and I have faith on myself that I can . Sir isme ham kaisa jura Very nice video Apka ghar kha hai Good class sir Sir appka class accha laga Sir aapaka class aachcha laga Very good Sir hello sir THANKS 😊😊😊😊😊 Spoken Nahi ata is devanand Sir aap live class lab padhate ho 2021me kon kon dhekh Raha hai like Kro Thank you sir Tanka.you.sir. Yes your thoughts are right ka kya reply kre Sir live class ka Kya time hai NYC Ya bavji Samod aap to Danapur na hi main to kijiye You nice reading sir English..nahi..Aati..Hai   sir   classes  karna chahte  Hai  sir Thanks sir 🙏👌👌 ❄️Here are some tips to help you remember vocabulary:
1)Keep an organised vocabulary notebook.
2)Look at the words again after 24 hours, after one week and after one month.
3)Read, read, read. ...
4)Use the new words. ...
5)Do word puzzles and games like crosswords, anagrams and word searches.
6)Make word cards and take them with you. mam, you are so cute!!!I like u and your teaching styles: ) Mem apka handwriting is great I can't understand what language ur speaking....I'm going to unsubscribe Samaj me nah aa rah hai Not best Plural nouns -s | es समज नही आता Archana aapka sound quality recording ka suck karta hai. mam your vdo is good. Potato tomato ko q es lagayi app batau Mam 0 level se padhn hai phir kya karna hoga Thanks maam 😍 I am new student Is video ka 2 part kha hai Thanks di you are great teacher. I am see the your videos me to aap ko dekhta rahta hu bas mam black black Tumra tow Chonga dikh raha hi Fantestic You beautyful Mam live kar lo Agar hoti to mai khud bolta mam Nahi mam koi bhi dout nahi hai mam Very very happy classes maidam Thank you maidam Thank you maidam apki class mujhe bahut achhi lagi very very nice learning speaking English Archana maidam good morning maidam Lo man I have not doubt because I am read in your channel Vidyarthi and I hope this channel are best that of India because this channel are very understand in fantastic and excited thank you ma'am 👍👍 0:56 instead of using *This*  is (your name), Better use I'm ( yourname).since [this is (your name) is not  a correct way to introduce yourself grammatically ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🙋🙋🙋👋😍 1-Ans) That
2-Ans) My
3-Ans) My
6-Ans) My Good study and laning madam Very nice mam Hi teacher Nice video mam so tq Fuck fuck Nice video 👌👌👌👌👌 Hi ma'am What's app par classes lete ho kya mam How can you be so beautiful 😻❤️ Ali najab Thanks you so much mam ☺️♥️♥️ Hello mam zoom par class hota hai aapka mujhe Karna hai Actually I saw her in memes send me whatsapp number फस्ट परसन  सेकंड परसन क्या है बहुत सुंदर(अच्छा )आप पढ़ाते है । Thank you mam🥰 Hi madam kitna fees mam join hona sahti hu Best way to learn English one  example  cats  tomato al  spelling  are wrong Roj video dala kro THANK YOU MAM Mam English  course 2021 kab sa start kary ga +0096565983681This is my whatsapp number please call me ma'am Thanku 💕💕💕 so much Thanks Why you was not in my childhood... How one see this in 2021 English mujhe galdi auraasan tarike se sikhana chahatihu Ma'am you should use hindi while teaching English Thank you mam Fantastic mam your are great 
My name is harshita 🙏🏻 THIRD- MY SECOND-MINE FRIT- THIS Mam can i ask you some thing about ? Thank you so much mam 😊❤ thanks mam for speaking english Mam very very good your teaching just one suggestion, when you're trying to teach someone "English" language you need to use all Hindi words while explaining, some people might not get the English words in between, even if you do please state their meaning then and there. Mam kitne days m english seek skte h Maam aap bohot cute ho Your voice modulation is fantastic 😊👍 Now large English I learning you teacher very good. My English  coming up not down In free .your help for thanks Thank you ma'am https://youtu.be/aL2oukqI7i0 Fantastic and confident teaching.liked the video.please see my video lecture and evaluate it
The link is attached.thanks. Hay Mam English speaking Mam  aghar human  stand  so what tell Mam what is the meaning of prule Thanks mam Ma'am aapki English class ka live Kitna time suru hoti hai Hii Maa'm Thank you so much mam ☺️ Photo me s aur potato me es kyu g rha hai. Dono tho O se end ho rha hai Good It's nice to watch n learn from this vedio. Can help lots of students and those who do not know or know little english.lots of thanks . RC Sharma. Very nice 👍 Mam Good Good evening, best Nice Thank you very much medam Mam mujhe fluent English sikhna hai American jaise...mai sunkar toh samjh leta hoon lekin bolna nhi aata 😭😭 Kon kon 5-6M Views dekh ke aaye ho 😁😘 Potato me es kyu laga hi madam ji 
jai hind 
ashok kumar 
meme je 
english  nahi atti 
meme Plzz reply my question Mam photo ko s lagta hai to potato ko es kyuCan you senda me all the video books un orden? Pease V interesting video Thanks Nilu Hello...How r you?  Thanks for sharing these videos on youtube. Thanks a lot for creating this videos...... Nyc video Nyc video plz help me For more simple English, watch our videos after you have finished this one. Helpful to study English!! nice pls reply fast. how can i find ur video??/// My first language is english I am just procrastinating doing homework and some how got to this video LOL. uhhhh Good job Nice video maravilhoso. Very good  It is good to learn English.﻿ Is there anyone want talking? great how are you gogo English is very interesting with that ability to use nom and turn it into verb, i was just reading something and i saw a sentence  with the word "house' so i search for the verb and finding out that house is the verb meaning to host things in a place, it s really ingenious the way English syntaxe works and it is why reading a normal newspaper is so difficult for a non English , actually i learn almost everyday (well i admit that i learn also in my own language new word i never cross before) Yes I like the way you teaches i like nice It is good to learn English.  ENGLISH IS ALL WORLD LIKE nic Ya really nice. spoken english Very nice hi i like Nic ♥♥♥ good...................... a i know all about english this video is very help fully for basic eng. lur. wonderfulll................................................................ Awesome Hi I like This is very good y hhd  Nice Videos ya really nice  Its a useful lesson for everyone well 9ce 1 nice very useful for me It is very nice. woo very nice to look you,I hope .............. nice!!its very useful 4 me! thanks
 verry nice video and good lessn good lesson
 This is a very good lesson.
 good less
 good lesson.
 I  like  this Very good, well explained Ok nice
 Nice Nice very easy to learning method that's great very easy study
 nice
 i like to study on there because it is so good.

 
 nice this is a good way to learn english Thank Q ,good > i want to listen chapter 2. thanks
 looks interesting. very big help. thanks learnexmumbai :) good I listen chapter 01; that was nice. intonation?
 nice
 i have no confidence to talk with strangers so please give me instructions of confidence regarding english language!!!!!!!!!!!!thnkx
 i like this. thank so much
 Hi Ma'am Tata.
my name is Naseer Ahmad i want lo learn English language can you give me some time from your busy life? i like this . thak you
 good Thank you. Spoken english for beginner in india Many people from all over the world are interested to learn how to speak basic English but not all have the money to pay for a formal lesson in a school so online tutorials like this are very helpful..  Good... A very simple lesson but useful in everyday speech! hello,  I am Tata. I like to speak english very much so I need many friends  to talk with me. so if you want to practice your english you can concatct me, in english daily conversation more information you can visit to english fun club 89@yahoo.com 085697203509 this is good for learners
 how to stydy india ???
 nice well & usefull...
 Very nice.. good
 good!! where is the next video please English Speaking - Basic English Training Module Chapter 2 Good thanks Lol the things I watch my biggest enemy is listening :( This video is really good for the beginners. Thanks for the service, Herro preaseLooking for an English teacher? Try Italki. You can pretty easily find teachers to improve your English ability at good prices. If you have Skype and a good internet connection you can do it no matter where you are. This link gives you $10 to start off once you sign in. The link is right here -------> https://www.italki.com/i/BfAbAG Thank you so much Who likes to do exercise together to improve our English skills? Thanks it was so useful for me Thank you so much teacher 👌🏻❤❤🥉 Thank you so much ❤👌🏻 O:16,0:01,0:03 Thank you very much for following https://youtu.be/BMMs7Rfj57M This conversetion is most beautiful.
I want you uploaded this types videos on youtube.🖤🦋
From this video i have getted help.
Thanks🖤🦋
               -Tanuja💕🌹 From INDIA I am from Indonesian thanks you very much... Hi Saya dan keluarga hanya belajar bahasa english ini sahaja tq Really nice to watch and listen to the conversations and repeat after you! A great language
service to the second language learners! Thank you so much Nce👆️👆️ hi my name is zahra l m from moroco 😙 👍 this is not proper dress for learning. Dress is also important for learning. I think so that. Everything is involved with learning. 😭 its helpful for new starting conversation So many questions, lol Nice this your veideo I am from Tripura .Thank you so much bro. Could remove that pictures?this can be considered as mature content Thank you  I'M like Very vídeo your very Good  Dasya ta há Good bless Thanx Please iska Hindi bhi batao Hello I'm chea san .I'm from Cambodia. And you? I'm fine, thanks é o caralho!!! I m from india🤝🤝🤝🤝🤝.... Superb 👌👌👌👌👌... I can understand very easy your explain . thank a lot..... 💞💞💞💞 i m very happy 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 I m from india🤝🤝🤝🤝🤝.... Superb 👌👌👌👌👌... I can understand very easy your explain . thank a lot..... 💞💞💞💞 i m very happy 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 nice I'M like Very vídeo your Thank you  Dasya ta ha Good bless This helps me with conversations for greece Thankyou l am somalia 🇸🇴 thanks my teacher Thank you so much teacher Tack så mycket Super Super and nice 👌 all Please change the photos I com from somali Good Iam from Rwanda We need your support for our channel I really like this video This video very useful Very good Can share the apps you are using for dailog box and voice recording 👍🏼👍🏼👍 Thank From Bangladesh 🇧🇩 Thanks it’s really nice Thanks so much thank you so much   I am from Afghanistan Good afternoon Kep going Good I'm from Ethiopia tnek you so much Thank you Tom and Sara🙏🙏 I am from  Brazil.. and  loveEnglish.. kisses   for  all Very good Really this conversation very useful to me thank you Keep going it's really good I can learn now Well dome all english lesson
Finall you did it
I knew it you(all english lessson)could do it.
Good jobe done with the video lesson
Please keep it up
It’s great to us
That's amazing, great,hilarious, tremendous, incredible, felicitation, way to go,outstanding 
Please keep up the outstanding work
Please keep up the amazing work. Great The biggest weapon God has comes from a very small book: A Dictionary. The best book I have seen for English learning has been English 3200. It is no longer available. Learning a second language powers the first language. Children in the first five years of life should be exposed to at least two languages. For instance: My brain has visual images (silent) beginning at 8 months of age. The faces, the contortions are all vivid. By knowing two languages, a stroke patient has a better ability to regain speech. A second language powers innate poetry in the original language and the second. A physician in the USA has the secondary largest vocabulary next to a Dictionary Writer. I think my vocabulary is the best in the world since I love Greek, Latin, English and Spanish. I stay away from Chinese. I cannot overload my brain because it rubs negatively against my creativity. Chinese Proverb: A bird sings a song not because it has the answer but because it just wants to sing a song. I began to acquire English at the age of 14. I am very good at it but it took me work. My first poems were like bricks; they lacked flow or continuity. I kept working on it day and night and even hit the bars to write my passion through poetry. Language is truly a science but our English Teachers for the most part don't have the innate intelligence to teach it to us better. My original argument with my English Teacher 1A was: "I need to write English so well that I can conquer the world!" She mocked me. English is a beautiful Language (Those that are bilingual must learn not to intermingle the two except for poetry or a point to make.) I love so much keep going please. English Phrases , Conversations, Jokes  and Short Stories  on my Channel English Phrases , Conversations, Jokes  and Short Stories  on my Channel Change the photo ok I am from nepal Any body want practice English with me, I speak little English I'm Urdu speaking, my whatsapp number +97152 9923266 hello, I'm from Sudan really I appreciate this , its agreat work. This conversation very help me ....... Thanks a lot... Hi sir very very good your job sir l love u job sir l from KBL sir 😉😉 Thank you Very nice your English conversetion Nice  to your conversetion Please change the photo Hey it's really a good conversation and also it's help me.  Thank you so much from India Nicely Thank you so much teacher Teri maki ankh Very nice Really it,s very good iam from ethiopia I'm also from india 🇮🇳 thank you 😊 It's too bad Thank you so much 000000000 Super class 👍.I'm learning ASL better than my native language I thought that it would be hard, but it isn't!!! I'm here because A Silent Voice Thank you 😊💓☺💗💛💖 But the. When they answer the favorite movie, how will we know what they say? How about if you were like a cop/ emt , and needed to know how to communicate a medical or police emergency? I’m hard of hearing and I thought it would be very beneficial for me to start learning sign language instead of writing on paper all the time, my parents don’t teach me so I wanted to learn it on my own The sign say sorry and please and why people pushing you and filing with always keep pushing in there people cannot talk and he's just somebody pushya and don't say sorry how you do that And here i am learning sign language out of pure boredom I kind of just wanna learn ASL. No reason. 0:36 hello
0:52 hey
1:04 what’s up?
1:41 my name is
2:40 nice to meet you
3:27 i learning sign
4:00 your name what ?
4:59 where are you from ?
5:18 how are you ?
6:26 I’m fine
6:50 please
7:10 thank you
7:20 excuse me
8:21 what’s your favorite movie ?
9:04  what do you like to do
9:26 where do you work
10:00 what time is it ?
10:20 where’s the bathroom
10:55 how do I sign __
11:48 *do the sign * meaning
12:09 goodbye
12:30 see you later
12:45 take care! The girl i have crush is deaf... i trying to learn this for her . ive actually wanted to learn for quite a long time then i eventually just.. forgot about it.
started s9 of the walking dead and there's this girl who is mute and deaf, so she speaks in sign and i just remembered all of a sudden that i wanted to learn
also louis tomlinson learning sign to interact with his mute fans, yes that too. Time stamps:

0:35 - Hello!
0:52 - Hey! (To get someone's attention)
1:02 - What's Up?

1:24 - My name (is)
2:00 - Nice to meet you!
3:00 - I am learning sign

3:52 - What is your name?
4:24 - Where are you from?
5:05 - How are you? 

5:53 - I'm from ___
6:22 - I'm fine!

6:49 - Please
7:00 - Thank You!
7:18 - Excuse Me

7:55 - What us your favourite ___?
8:38 - What do you like to do?
9:16 - Where do you work?

9:40 - What time is it?
10:06 - Where is the bathroom?

10:27 - How do I sign (spell)
11:09 - Ask what a certain sign is 

12:05 - Good Bye!
12:16 - See you later!
12:37 - Take care! Decided to learn ASL for my half brother who having a hard time speaking my dad decided it's better to just teach him asl not force him to speak if he find it hard so wish me luck im learning asl for 3 reasons:
1: to communicate with deaf people
2: to brag
3: my friends learn this to if we want to talk in private My grandma taught at a deaf school. I used to know words and phrases when I was young that she taught me. I would like to learn again. Thanks bunches 🙏 im trying learn asl becuz i just saw a video that santa does sign language to a deaf little girl Im learning sign language because of a group they put sign language in their dancing and inspired me to learn, appreciate, and be friends for those who use sign language After having surgery on my hand, something in me wanted to learn sign. Oh the irony. i Work at a grocery store and a few of the customers have been non verbal or deaf, so i’m learning some more ASL to communicate with them more!! You are so pretty and this is very useful I want to learn asl so if a deaf person comes into my work they won't feel stressed out I am learning because my mom has a deaf co worker and there was a person that knew how to sign but they left so now I am teaching my mom this is so helpful! i'm learning ASL just so that i can talk to deaf people 🥰 I finally got diagnosed with autism and talking can sometimes be really uncomfortable or impossible for me, I’m excited to start learning ASL :) What is asl and bsl ? The people in these comments are so sweet! I'mma have diabetes uwu Every deaf person would be able to understand this? I decided to learn this bc there is a new employee where I work and works at my station with me and I wanna learn sign language so I can have convos with him :) he is really cool Thanks so much. This helped a lot! I'm losing my hearing, I'm very close to getting a cochlear implant or hearing aids but still I'm scared of losing my hearing even though it would be quite rare for it to happen. I just wanna make sure I'm able to know how to speak in sign in case of that. Its also a great skill to have. When you finger spelled your name. What sort of T was that? I wasn’t taught that version. A quiet place made me want to learn this. Oh my goodness, this is awesome, sometimes I have to slow down the speed to check the movements more accurately but it's just perfect. Thank you so much for this utterly educational video, much love from Brazil! im just learning also for my own good , would love to speak to someone and help if needed :) Thank you for sharing!; I'm definitely rewatching this! I'm trying to learn it because i just want to be ablo to communicate even a little bit with deaf people <3 Everyone is learning sign for wholesome reasons, I’m learning because I want to be able to talk in the wings. *7-8-21*
Just learned it all in one sitting. I will continue learning at my pace.  Thanks a bunch! I love it!!! I am CODA but I am Brazilian. I know the Alphabet, is a start, and just 4 letters are different. Now I want to learn ASL to learn the SIGNS to teach my Mom and to be able to speak with Deaf Americans. Thank you so much! Idk why but after watching silent voice i feel like i must learn sign language trying to learn but its hard when i dont use ASL often. a lady that checks my groceries is deaf so im learning a little to comminucate with her but i can't understand what she says, i just know please thank you and some other basics. is there a resource for someone signing to you and learning what they're saying? God bless you my child . its a great job .. n pray for my doughter . she is less hearing ..👍💓 i decided to learn it to make friends (also i watched the quiet place and want to be prepared) This thought literally came to me. I suddenly wanna learn SL. I wanna communicate with people, and don't want a language barrier. I want them to feel comfortable. Is it okay if sometimes I don’t use the right hand for domination things cause I am try to keep all the ones that are supposed to be dominant with my dominant hand but some I keep doing with my left ;-; 
Like what does the dominant and non dominant hand have to do with the sign I guess is what I’m asking? i'm glad i learned some basic asl as a kid because later on when i went into foster care, i ended up needing it for my 2 foster brothers (both had autism and couldn't speak). i'm relearning now just for fun Thank you I work at hot topic and get a lot of deaf customers and I want to be able to talk to them I always said if i had one wish i woupd know every language so i could make people laugh or happy in a comfortable way. No wishes so i gotta work for it :( She cute u can teach me anything American sign language basics at its best. Keep up the good work I learned ASL in middle school/High School and have slowly stopped remembering most of the signs. although I do remember I, My and You and most of the alphabet I haven't had anybody to practice and conversate with since then. My whole life I've wanted to learn sign language and Spanish. somehow it's gotten away from me. I at least want to know the basics and this video has helped a lot. Uhm for a while I've wanted to learn sign language. Actually I'm not american and I'm not sure my countries own is the same but i really want to learn🥺it seems like the best language to learn. And i do want to be able to communicate with deaf and dumb people 🥺 I don't want our communication to be stunted by communication barriers So I hear her keep saying "with your dominant hand"... Is ASL like a guitar that it can be either way or should I start learning with my right as dominant? Very confused... Hey I'm still learning but I'm sure this will help me alot thx Great video Thank u for this needed to learn sign for my friend  who’s deaf i’m learning basic sign so that i can speak to a family friend. she can read lips but i think that someone should be able to do the basics with her WOW Watching this because I'm tired of stuttering. Im learning sign language because my teacher keeps getting mad at me for talking to my friends lol(plus I get to make more friends) I'm going to Italy to test this My younger cousin is losing her hearing so I am gonna try to learn sign to be able to talk to her Can someone make a video on how to spell Richie in sign language Wait so what did that sign mean? The one where you asked “this sign means what?” With one hand in a fist and the other in a flat palm Very easy to understand. This is great! Thank you this helps a lot is there a sign for every word? (except for a name) or are there some things that you may have to spell out im going to a new school and i wanna b able to sign at least a little bit incase theres someone who is mute or deaf at the school so then they could feel like they fit in a little bit :,) 0:35  hello 
0:51  hey 
1:02  whats up 
1:17  my name is ________
2:02  nice to meet you 
3:04  I am learning sign 
3:51  whats your name (your name what) 
4:23  where are you from (you from where) 
5:16  how are you 
5:51  I'm from ______ 
6:13  I'm fine/good 
6:47  please 
7:00  thank you 
7:15  excuse me 
7:51  whats your favorite ____ (your favorite ______ what)
8:37  what do you like to do (you like what do) 
9:14  where do you work (you work where) 
9:40  what time is it (time what) 
10:05  where's the bathroom (bathroom where) 
10:25  how do i sign ______  (______ sign how) 
11:23  what does a certain sign mean ( _____ meaning) 
12:05  goodbye 
12:12  see you later 
12:37  take care This is one of the most underrated assets for a server. You may only get a deaf or hard of hearing person rarely, but. Makes their night when you can communicate with them. I want to other polite expresssions on  sign language The Second gesture (Hey!) is how I pick up chicks. Its 2am and im learning Sing Language and also got into Reddit subredit for Deaf peoples... I dont know anyone who is deaf... Cool, now I just need some sign people to practice with I recently made a deaf friend who hate talking because of her voice and always wanted to talk to me in sign so her birthday is coming up in 3 months and I have decided for her gift will be me being able to talk to her in sign. I hope she is happy with her surprise!! Is it important of which hand do I mostly gesture? I’m having a hard time with the finger positions on “what’s up”.   Not sure if I’m misunderstanding placement, or if it’s a difficult position for my fingers to be in. What is the difference between "you" pointing index finger and "you" showing palm to the person we talk? i started to watch switched at birth and it made me want to learn sign i started to a couple years ago in school but then switched schools for sure want to learn more. i work with many people in public and some are deaf and communication is key. i am horribly scared id say something bad by accident. so if i can do my part and learn, it should make things easier for everyone. Question: She signed "I" and "You" two different ways. What's the rule here? When do I point and when do I use my whole hand? I trying to learn ASL because I love communication. This language is the way to reach this wonderful people. yes So far, I'm learning more in a day of watching videos then I learned in about 3 years of Middle School Spanish. So Thankful I'll be learning ASL this year, it's a great language. Wow. Sign language actually makes more sense than I thought 🤨 i’m learning asl for my sister who was in a car crash and lost her hearing I’m gonna warn my deaf friend that I’m gonna shoot the school Learning this because of a silent voice 😂 I absolutely love ASL. I wish there was a blind person ASL.Wait...maybe there is. Now down the rabbit hole. I learned basic ASL in the 5th grade as part of the curriculum. I am also deaf in one ear so I have learned reading lips and sit in specific spots when I need to hear something.. I hear darn well considering. I have always wanted to pick up ASL Your video is glorious. Thank you. Add this to the mix of mandarin and spanish and I should be able to communicate with many. Thank you for the excellent videos. You are a champ in my book. Ugh. Not looking forward to french. But I am looking forward to Russian.
So over the decades, I have developed my own sign language witch I have read is not uncommon. Some of the movements are different but they all kind of seem similar. Is that common? Seems like when I use my own homebrew others can understand me pretty well. Do you think it is the facial expressions or the intuitive way deaf people interpret movement and facial expression? Just wanting your thoughts. Everyone in the comments: *Im learning this for a noble reason*
Me: So- I wanna practice drawing hands and this can help me in both ways Thank you, signing is actually easy for me to learn (I'm quite surprised myself) I think i just found a new hobby I'm learning asl for my mom who is losing hearing Why is this so much downvoted? I found it excellent! Is this video mirrored? So I'm learning sign, I went to talk to one of the people at my church, she's deaf, turns out I can sign until my hands hurt, that is until the skill is applicable, then I panic 😅😓😖 I'm learning ASL because I'm autistic and semi-verbal. I'd like a way to communicate when I cannot do so verbally. What if you naturally use your non-dominant hang I'd that ok or a big no nothis  video   is    so  good 👌🏻 Love you pakiaala Yo done is that american or british english ? I still don't understand why they bought a new printer 9:20 why he said, 'turn at the second traffic light' instead of 'turn right at the second traffic light' ???? Why at america all kid can speak english when they 3 y old Very good videos pendant
heading home
forecast
Ultrabook
Capsule .sanjay 
B.voc da 
😁😁😁😁😂😂😂😂😂🤙🤙 So good the video thanks a lot there is a error with the bus stop becau he sab ( turn left ) and the woman turn right Laik your vidéo 👍❤ ممكن تساعدوني 



في حدا هون استفاد من القناة لتعلم الانكليزية وكم المدة؟؟ Muchas gracias por su vídeo. Muy útil. Me ayuda a entender el inglés. I have 49 years old, and speak Spanish, but I decided that I don’t die whitout have been learned inglhis 17.00 Thank you very much🤗🤗 где русские? Very good it's wonderful conversation When i was in high school icould nt speak. English. But now i speak little english. But when my teacher tell notes i  cant understand. Because l dont know correct pronunciation of words. This very useful video for improving listening Anyone help me how to speak in English, what is the roadmap for this please help 🙏 1st -‘dmldmclmcn-,-::-;939;+9);oohed bond d So difficult ! I started to learn English by watching WWE... in the beginning I didn't understand but by the time passing I started to understand... So here.. I understand  and can remember the answers 70 %...I hope by the time passing I will be good in English... Turn at means turn right?
9:10 How to improve my my spoke english Very good mam ❤️ amazing good jooppppps Thanks! I am starting again to practise the language, and this listening exercises helps me a lot. Regards from Argentina i can't This video is so good. I love the way that it explains the answer. Thanks for sharing these materials online. I like at This is the first channel which i subscribed. Thanks for this platform. Guys help me. When the man says, "first go straight and turn at the second traffic light". it doesnt expalin if is in the left or right, but why on the video they depict only in the left? 17:00 Bad video more same videos. at 9:19 he had not mentoined to which direction one should turn I understand everything
This is not like the listening that our teacher want us to understand Thanks very good listening comprehension The room dialogue be like I am beginner in english learning i like this class ❤️beacuse i can understand it very well😁😁😁 Do people really talk about printers ? Love it so much 😍 Amei a aula!! Parabenss Teacher!! 9:18 "First go straight and turn at the second traffic light".  Why does she turn right and not left? Thanks. ok I need a friend for practice my speaking English and muy listening :(. Someone ? :( Muy buen video I am Indian my first day start and i need someone chat me with english. भाइयों आप लोगों का बहुत-बहुत धन्यवाद। आप लोगों ने मुझे 391  Subscriber तक पहुंचा दिया। अब आप लोगों से प्रार्थना है कि जल्दी मेरे लेवल 1000 तक पहुंचा दे।
 एक छोटी सा शायरी हम सभी के मम्मी के लिए।
 ऊपर जिसका अंत नहीं उसे "आसमां" कहते हैं,
इस जहाँ में जिसका अंत नहीं उसे "माँ" कहते हैं। Whhy!? Putt Ads with learning 😟 1 I really appreciate It is really helpful . Thanks for this This is pizdec good video Is there any person who wants to practice ? I study prep class so i need to speak practice. Çox maraqlıdır Mantab Thanks for helping me. I loved it. It helped me a lot! Greetings From Turkey <3 Just having an confusion regarding on left and right on bus stop 🤦 This is very gud specially for the beginner's 🤩🤩thnx mam🥰 12:40 good wow i love it😱💓❤ Thanks a lot for this video! كان يوم طويل في المكتب؟
أليس لديك وقت للجلوس والقراءة؟
أنت تعرف يمكن أن تقرأ مع عينيك مغلقة.
تذهب والاستلقاء على الأريكة، واتخاذ النظارات الخاصة بك قبالة وترك عينيك بقية.
هنا هو الرابط لتجربة القراءة بدون استخدام اليدين Does anyone know about the problem of the Normar level? seas mamon, renta de dvd's ja ja. Can you give another advancevideo as this video its really efficient Thank you I really like it. Thanks I think this is good conversation for the beginner For beginners? No hay ni una sola frase traducida this video very excellent I hope increase video like this Hello mam ❤️ Que mal me veo para el listening de mañana I just study English  for three month but I 'm try to listen is it for beginners? really? If you hope that only listening can teach us how to speak I have some bad news: it can’t and it won’t. 
Having listened to any recordings we need to work on it further:
- do expertises 
- talk about what we have listened to
- hell, even speaking to yourself can help!
But listening and listening alone will be disappointingly ineffective. Kesini krna disuruh Dosen/Guru Mam can you send the link of your listening lessons of playlist Peal necles Very disgusting I'm so thankful for your help. I like your videos It is grand practice, thanks. It's very helpful for me anyone who don't speak English try it bro it's really helpful 1st I know Speaking and Grammars (not so much) but Listening :/ TOO bad excellent ,create more like these. we r srilankan I don't understand xd my level of english is -10 Good.....I really appreciate ur this practice.....it has helped me to know my level.... i like this way to learn english Yay i . Can  answer Really really this is Lucy is very good fun and fantastic it give me a lot of benefits for real and they love it and I hope that everyone wants to develop himself in English language keep listening and keep reading and keep writing and keep reading and keep speaking in the same time and be affectionate to this English language and be optimistic I don’t be pessimistic and do allowed to nobody destroyed you as you know there is a lot of people are vengeful and a lot of people are hopelessness so don’t allow to hopelessness and operation in circles you just be hopeful be successful be pissed If you want to escape from latam, you need at least to learn English. please help me,i am from azerbaijan,i dont understand listning and listning to tak exam🙏 Enjoyed this video? Please vote for me as the Top Programming Guru. It takes only a second and your support means a lot to me: https://bit.ly/2G7tf2s hey mosh iam asking one question we can use code editor best for vs code ? You deserve a like Sir.. Where is oops is the download for mac coz its not working iin windows dmg file Incredible. what you have done is a great job! and its your years of experience that you are sharing with everyone else for free!.awesome! and thanks Excellent teacher! The way you say beautiful and your smile ☺ why do u use byte quite often instead of int ? is it to save memory? Can someone send to me the cheat sheat? The page has being deleted. Can someone who have it upload via google drive or something? Hey Mosh, how do you create your animations? They are looking awesome! Why have you removed the cheatsheat? I think you made a mistake at 2:21:29
You wrotte to decrement
// for (int i = (fruits.length)  ; i > 0 ; i--)
System.out.println(fruits[i]);
 Index 3 out of bounds for length 3

After some minutes: 
solution
//for (int i = (fruits.length)-1  ; i >= 0 ; i--)
System.out.println(fruits[i]);

GREAT TUTORIAL!!
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING!! Great video, Mosh! Does anyone know what application he uses for the visuals? :) egg head You did not explain how to install intelliJ in windows and it is so complicated, it is some options during installing but you did not explain them :/ Watching this video to learn java 14 hours before my Semester exam, wish me luck Can anyone tell me. Does this video contents full java course or not??🙄 Absolutely enjoyed your tutorial and so proud of you as an Iranian. 1:03:05 pi in a sense of pee? xD hahaha that's funny Sir, you are the rarest gem in the whole world....Thank you so much. You have started the career of many people.... Sir please create java snake game.and make video sir Awesome video! Kudos to you Mosh! Hello sir!!
This is mani kanya.. I don't know any programming knowledge.. I saw ur Java programming course.. How great teacher ur 🙏🙏.. Thank you 😊 Great Sir 49:06 1:07:02 bodmas Can we use vs code studio for jdk??? Hello Mosh, first of all thanks for the tutorial. I really appreciate that you speak slowly so non english speakers (like me) can understand better. Also I hope you can check the cheatsheet link since it's broken Java ☕ {
system.out.print("Thanks mosh");
} man, im blessed to have this video. The only way for this to be better is to give exercises This java basics couse is helpfull !!! i really learnt java nicely by this thanks a lot
you have did a lot of work to do editing of this video also GREAT COURSE. Loving the simplification  <3
The "cheat sheet" link doesn't work! :( 1:15:04 lol I thought you were gonna take an actual math class. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLE_8RVpZds&t=8s very interesting and easy tutorial. thankx very much you are my idol ;) are java is artificially written by some app ???? ok Your cheat sheet site isn't opening mosh. Please help. 45:33 (bookmark) Will you continue this series? Interesting, concerning the FizzBuzz project, I didn't know about modulus, so ended up using double x != (int) x to define if it's a fraction or not. Worked perfectly but coding was a bit longer. Thanks so much for this course, extremely helpful for beginners like me I did not understand 41:15 till 41:56 , can someone explain please? https://youtu.be/Z44MkSF6ejc You the man Mosh! thanks. I like this video. very nice I watched your python tutorial, the 6 and a half hour one, and made quite a few python projects. I really appreciate the effort you put into these videos, really helpful. Why is (double)10/(double)3 = 3.33333333333335?
1:04:48 Where's the next stage course after this? Thank you can we do this tutorials in java eclipse Thanks 👍🏼👍🏼 Thanks aa lot may you live long Nice for beginners Anyone has the Java cheat sheet? Because when i open it it says "This page couldn’t be found". not sure hes guna get much ad revenue if its only his own video ads playing on his video And now I have to retake my java exam this guy feels like someone you'd trust on your drink with at a party when you about to vomit Thanks Mosh for publishing this nice tutorial. It's really helpful for a new Java learner like me. :) I just wanna Thankyou for making this course ! , just completed the course and I loved it <3 Heartfully Thanking u sir bcoz we r getting this all for free I feel like programming is like martial arts........or going to the gym..........LOADS of people have the idea and desire to do it and may even have dabled in it just a little bit......but have been put off by the amount of hard work that has to go into it. How can I download the source code for the mortgage calculator? review 1:37:14 and below. note to self :P awesome video, apricate it IMO a better solution to the FizzBuzz problem - no repetition, no nested if's
        int getal = 0;
        String antwoord = "";
        System.out.print( "Voer een getal in: " );
        getal = scan.nextInt();
        if (getal % 5 == 0)
            antwoord += "Fizz";
        if (getal % 3 == 0 )
            antwoord += "Buzz";
        System.out.println( antwoord.length()==0 ? getal : antwoord );

Perhaps my C/C++ borreling up :-) Hello My application is not working in microsoft edge browser while transferring file.. Anyone have idea how to fix it 1:03:00 Don't feel ashamed. Only the Anglos say "Py". In the rest of the world, it's "Pee", which is indeed how it should be pronounced in the language of its origin, namely (classical) Greek. Too bad for the Anglos it means something awkward in their lingo. They have the same problem with "Uranus" LOL if im using a chromebook spin 311 which file should i download Nice Give him Nobel award for his work helping tech society, he is a good man :-)
Thank you so much. Anyone using the Point Class, 
package com.avishek;

import java.awt.Point;
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
            Point first=new Point(1,1);
            System.out.println(first);


    }
} عالی didnt learn shit, 0/10 Mosh, you're the best! Anyone who is absolutely new to programming and is watching this, I recommend watching Mosh's python tutorial (8hr one) first, not because python is easier than java but watching that tutorial will give you some what introduction to classes and functions etc so you can learn them separately and peacefully without  being bombarded with all lot of terms you have heard first time.
I also recommend Head Java First to help you understand java in a fun way 2:00:58 Guys what is application file please help i am an incoming cs student. This thing would be a big help, kudos to all part of this video! Man u r really doing a great job keep doing it . My learning is only through ur videos ur a genius Alternate to FizzBuzz: System.out.println("Many Thanks for your video!");

   public static void main(String[] args) {
        int number;
        Scanner myScanner = new Scanner(System.in);
        System.out.println("Number: ");
        number = myScanner.nextInt();

        if ((number % 5) == 0)
            System.out.print("Fizz");

        if ((number % 3) == 0)
            System.out.print("Buzz");

        if (((number % 3) == 0) || (number % 5) == 0)
            System.out.println(""); // new line after Fizz, Buzz or FizzBuzz
        else
            System.out.println(number);
    } Really annoyed due to these ads, its coming again and again after a few minutes.
:( I love this guy he’s sooooo good at explaining and legit it’s not like he doesn’t care a fuck he really wants to teach you hey thre shortcut that you showed for writing "System.out.println", so I entered sout, and pressed TAB, but doesn't work.
Pls help. Thankyou very much for this tutorial! Type casting is when you assign a value of one primitive data type to another type. In Java, there are two types of casting: Widening Casting (automatically) - converting a smaller type to a larger type size. byte -> short -> char -> int -> long -> float -> double. mosh you are a gift to programmers , plz make a video on spring framework & spring boot also very very nice ,best ,classy , great video on java ,with other instructors time doesn't go at all ,  with mosh time flies as mosh does his magic . How Many languages you know before you born? mosh where is the mortgage calculator source code, you mentioned its attached below the video Awesome tutorial. I had to break the video down into three sessions. Previous experience in other languages sped things up but now I know a few basics about Java. There is still much to learn and I know nothing; just a beginner. Thank you very much . When I thought of coding I thought it would be very hard but you make it easy 😎😎🔥 respect 10:40 In Java 16 it says com.company. Is this the same as com.package that Mosh explains? O.M.G this video help me to understand java more than 4 long years in my university :))) Thank you for this video موجودين عرب هون؟ 43:27
I am getting an error in 8th saying "Cannot resolve symbol x" and " ' ; ' expected " and " '(' expected"
Please anyone help me out.Click the "JOIN" button below the video to support freeCodeCamp.org! Just finished this amazing course! Since I had previous experience with python, I was familiar with most of the concepts in this video, and this made me pretty confident in coding in C. And the fact that it is 100% free really amazes me. Great content out there! 22 July 2021 15:50 Now you're 38 (I think) Hello, I am from Mechanical Engineering background and in the next next month companies like TCS and Capgemini will be coming to hire graduates. I will be preparing C language from this video. Let's see how will I perform in Interviews in these companies. I just finished the lesson  and I was amazed by the things I learn form this video...thanks so much all the 1.7k dislikes are from teachers of paid courses and college professors your teaching skills are brilliance bro JIm's in business and pam's in art, they might be from 'the office' thanks! The Office reference at 3:38:27! Wasn't expecting that. I feel like binge watching it rn lol 02:15:00 35:21 A GPA of 40.0: some thing's wrong I can feel it nice tutorial :D you Sir is a hero to mankind Completed ! How can i get lecture slides?? Please help Anyone who wants to learn to code start with python You look like starlord Aliens invented c humans invented scripting languages 2:28:31 Pam and Art. So you must be prison Mike Integer is not exactly a whole number. if your name is mike then my name is Nike Use dark mode, pls( my eyes are burning ) Write C program, ask user to enter Candidate Name, Age, Sex (M or F), Marital status (Y
or N) and then using following rules print their place of service.
 if candidate is Female(F), then she will work only in urban areas.
 if candidate is a Male(M), and age is in between 18 to 40 then he may work in anywhere
 if candidate is Male(M), and age is in between 41 to 60 then he will work in urban areas
only.
 And any other input of age should print "Error, Please Enter Correct Age" You saved my fucking academic year with 3 hours and 46 minutes of video. I'm gonna ace my make up exams thanks to you. Viva freeCodeCamp. Completed this tutorial and it was so fun learning with you 🦊 https://youtu.be/T7qFzxJD1rk In the tutorial of Funtionsthat is:

#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
int main()
{
    sayHi ("Mike");
    return 0;
}

void sayHi (char name[]){
    printf("Hello %s", name);
}

the output is like:

main.c:13:5: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘sayHi’ [-Wimplicit-function-declaration]
     sayHi ("Mike");
     ^~~~~
main.c: At top level:
main.c:17:6: warning: conflicting types for ‘sayHi’
 void sayHi (char name[]){
      ^~~~~
main.c:13:5: note: previous implicit declaration of ‘sayHi’ was here
     sayHi ("Mike");
     ^~~~~
Hello Mike

...Program finished with exit code 0
Press ENTER to exit console.

What could I do! có ae nào vn khôngggg Pass hunxa tah aba? when you typed in prince during that mad libs game i got a little freaked out cause i had his music playing in the background while watching this video lmao dont mind me, just commenting my timestamp 

0:32:25 correction: 2:04:10 Exclusive OR is true when at least one of the conditions is true. When all conditions are true, OR returns true. Thank you very much for this tutorial !!!!! I wish you all the best 💯💯💯💯💯💯 Hey, I was just wondering, I was trying to download code blocks but my computer won’t run it due to how old of a model the application is. Would I be able use visual studio code and still be able to follow along in the video? I can't believe you didn't look at the Tip Of The Day. How dare you. you kinda sound like James from @theodd1sout Thank you for this video.I Really appreciate this work done by you. subtle the office references, noice I watched this video because I want to study the Operating System: Three Easy Pieces book. Highly Recommend It. Although you do need to get creative and try to search and learn more on topics he covers. Thanks to Giraffe and freeCodeCamp for sharing this. This guy is smart, but CODEBLOCKS? That is basically self harm. 42:09 Turn on captions I get an error on Visual Studio saying Return value ignored: 'scanf'. on the user input Just leaving this to continue 43:00 JJJoooohhn CeeeenaaAAAh ! You can't C me tin tin nah nah tin tin nah naaah ! I learned python from this guy🔥 Hi, i am using a macbook air and when i tried to run hello world in codeblocks, it would just crash?! Could anyone help pleaseee :) Jim and Pam, nice office refrence Simply Awesome!!! All the programming concepts of the language are explained clearly & easy to understand...."Such a Great-Teacher".... Anybody can learn all the basic concepts very clearly from this video even they are new to the computer languages programming.....Kudos!!! Microwaves are blue Came here to recap cs50.  Thanks so much for sharing this knowledge. We'll C what happen Thank you ☺☻ 2:28:38  OFFICE FAN DETECTED
i love u bro Wow BEST C tutorial I've ever seen!!! Thanks a lot i am not able to install compiler as per the instructions given. please help me out. so you can't make an array with multiple characters 🤔 Thanks man!!!!👍👍👍 #include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>

int main()
{
    char grade;
    printf("Enter your grade: ");
    scanf("%c", &grade);
    printf("Your grade is %c",grade);

    return 0;
} Hi After learning JavaScript, I watch this video.
Thanks 😊 paying for c lessons is stupid, you can just watch this man explain every little thing you gotta know and you're set, everything at no cost Thanks a lot for this course it helped me learn the basics. 29:00 continue tommorrow from here I did this using one if else statement after a while loop...

Is it true? 
int main()
{
    int luckynumber=5;
    int input;
    int guesscount=0;
    int guesslimit=3;
    while( (input != luckynumber)&& (guesscount<guesslimit)){
        printf("Enter your number ");
        scanf("%d",&input);
        guesscount++;
    }

    if (guesscount+1>guesslimit){
        printf("You lose");
    }
    else{

         printf("You win");}

} This is very basic man se que no mentendes un choto pero muchas gracias alv no se ni porque te escribo en espanol si se perfecto ingles xddddddddd Tysm , it helped a lot... I couldn't able to install c though I watched in ur video
But are online compilers sufficient for this video???
PLS REPLY
LOVE FROM INDIA You need to add a clurse on « Malbolge for beginners » hehehe At 32:00 ish. Wouldn’t it be better to say %i since it’s an integrer instead of using %d (double)? Or does it not matter? God bless you, you're a perfect teacher.. Sir, Can I get notes of the tutorial u taught?
If, yes where can I get?..
Thanks 12th grade CS portion within 4hrs....why not ! Mike Dane is the best..Thank you!!😊😊 Can you reduce your talking speed Guys today i uploaded a video of my own teaching the most easiest program u can check it out! :) Ithenth manga char color[20];
  char anyword[20];
  char name[20];


  printf("Enter a Color:");
  scanf("%s",color);
  printf("Enter Anyword:");
  scanf("%s",anyword);
  printf("Enter the Name:");
  fgets(name, 20, stdin);



  printf("Roses are %s\n",color);
  printf("%s are blue\n",anyword);
  printf("I Love %s",name);


i tried it like this but didnt get the output correctly.
can we  use  fgets and scanf in the same program?

please tell me what was the error.  :) I studied C through another resource awhile ago. I am trying to refresh on it and this was by far the best basics run of C. Thank you so much! Just a quick question if someone can help. During the variables tutorial I keep getting invalid initializer for the int variable. I've double and triple checked it and it was written exactly as the example but it still would not run. Was hoping someone might be able to shed some light on it I tried to download different IDE for my mac but all of them keep saying won't work and requires update...., what can I do? Did he say that comments should be limited, as best practice?? Maybe he's talking about simple programs, where little explanation is needed. Within large complex programs, having comments to explain what's trying to be achieved can be save a lot of headaches and time, especially when the program is defective - where the code doesn't represent what's trying to be achieved. No1 Hey programmers!
This is Niamulhqe from 23/06/2021!
If your in this time and thinking which version to download of code block download -
"" codeblocks-20.03mingw-setup.exe "" or simply use our VSC to code :D How to add many files under same project main...cos i dont want to keep creating many project ..i want to save many  "main " files with different file names ..please help me out hello mike, so i tried to create a file using this code  FILE * fpointer = fopen("klinks.txt","w");. I also closed the file. But i could not see the text  file.  instead it is creating a main.exe and a main.o file. i do not know why. Please help!!! I am a middle age woman who is trying to figure out what to do with my life after raising my 3 children. As I was taking CS50, my confidence dwindled, but this course did more than recovering my lost confidence. Thank you so much, you are such a fabulous teacher!! C programming using Android :- https://youtu.be/b72d9nIZCTk This tutorial was really good, thank you! Your desktop background blinds me. A little bit to basic for me Thank you so much this helped me immensely.

P.S : I can tell you are an "Office" fan from the struct section :p. I thought it was never possible tó remove sectext virus but WAPTECS make it possible and faster Thank you Mike! Done finishing the tutorial after 2 weeks.. I'm working while studying c language. I'll try to create a program using C. God bless you! can someone point me where he explains about the "return 0" ? plz☞ Thanks for watching!
☞ Please share and like if you enjoyed the video :) thanks so much ♥
▶ Speaking English Practice Conversation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVQlnP5Yu2A It's help us more 8:47 my life Very best 💯 communication practice 👍🙌 nice Hi good one Thanks to help me Thank you very much. I start studying this video. It is very good for me. Yees tnks Interesting English very well if alh  says Quiero aprender este idioma, saludo desde República Dominicana Wowww Why are you speaking 2times thank you somach! Hi Bro, When he is not married, then how has he three children ? Wow thank you very much,
I want to lern egish.💕💕💕 Thank you Carry on really it,s a helpful video Thank you video is nice Absolutely tremendous....!!!
Superb...👌 Sir ..it's very helpful to me .. THANKYOU Super and thank you for this vedio. Very Good Conveestion!!!! Amazing I speak two language urdu and hindi repeat like a fool twice Thank you its interesting I love it thank u  i already know This video is very useful those people learn English speaking Tq sir Bunu yapan turk Thanks for this vedio. I'm starting to learn English. It's very useful. I'm from Myanmar. I’m an ESL teacher for two years now, I have TELF certificate and if you want to learn English just message me through Skype live:.cid.4814d4366c6a8726
$3 per 30mins. Respect my post thank you Helpful ❤️❤️❤️ Interesting दोस्तों इस चैनल पर जीरो लेबल से इंग्लिश सिखाया जाता हैं दोस्तों ऐसे महसूस होगा कि भाई हाथ दकर सिखला रहा है इस चैनल पर आकर वीडिय🤳 देखें इनवाइट कर रहा हूं 🙏🙏 So help for basic English me the new one It was so good for me.❤❤ In this video, it said today's date is 22nd October. It is my birthday!! thank you Yes you are good English teacher but I I want to know how to write please I  can read  and understand but to write  is problem الاة Nice video thx sir thank you but i need advanced videos. keep doing It's very interesting I speak English but I still watched this video, oof. Great video tho :3 Thank you! It's helps me a lot to learn English 💖💖 Are You Married?
me : I'm not married.
How many Children do you have?
me : I have 3 Children Plz learn me english How learnt english sepeking easily Very usefull thnk you Where are you leaving ? I' m leaving tomorrow .Really, am lost here thanks a lot Someone replay to me i do not understand in this sentence what does it mean exactly 👇
.
How much is it to go to hanoi
it's 50 dollars Shanks Any one have english whatsapp group ? Thanks sir I'm improving 
Anyone guys who would like to practice English conversation with me 
Please Whatsapp me 0789174708 good conversation Married nahi hai to phir uske thee children kaise hain Thank you Tankyou,,so,much When will he "be" back?is there be needed or not? Thanks 16:20 Its not 'A One Way'
Its 'An One Way' Hi Thank you very much ! This video is the best! Thank you! Amazing ❤️ Fantastic 21:14 how much are these earrings 19:59 excuse me, is this seat taken 19:25 why did you go shopping 18:51 what do you call this 18:02 how was that film 15:37 when do you get off work 14:19 when is your  birthday
Me : my birthday is 14 April
Please remember my birthday date and wish me 10:36 how does it taste 10:21 how far is it Pov:entraste a los comentarios para distraerte poco y eres de 2 de secundaria emiliano zapata xd nice, to see Thank u ♥️ Very nice English Nomás vine por la tarea Have positive and negative answers NCAA 11:17

Killed me laughing 😂😂😂😂 is amazing man so i can need to help about English l like to teach me to learn english #learn_apply_smile
#speakEnglishEasily
#Vibrant_Lexicon Thank you so much very important tqqqqqqq Thanks to giving  couching for free and I trying to spoken  with ur English  very well 🙏🙏🙏 Tnx If any female want to practice with a beginner then please contact me I want also English learning I It's very useful but kindly give a subtitles in tamil plz Thanks you He is not married and he has children,
👍👌👌 Hi 👌 👌 👌 💖 💖 👌 👌 ⚘ Very nice good This video sow me lalita teacher now is not Here ... 👌👌🙏🙏😷😷🤩🤩 THISHWORDBESTISLOVE Hai siser i am shiny many videos u pose in ur channel but i like this type video many videos put way  and this type thank u sister bye by. Shiny Thanks  akka Nice
https://youtu.be/k-ooyqUsiek It's every use full
Normal we are using daily basis Thank you very much Thannk you mam 💐🤩 Sú4 mam Video of the sister tent my 2 year daughter repeated your sentence nicely Dr.hanuman prasad Mam I am your fan  I am Aastha kumari  👧🧕👯👯‍♀️👱‍♀️🚶‍♀️🚺♀️ Very , very nice video mam thanks for sending this video to me 👌👌👍🤗🤗👌💯💯💌 I give 💯% to your video She is my wife 🙏👰👰 welcome to my YouTube channel assalamualikum  bun just go Thoda Hindi bolo mam Thank u so much Good morning ma'am this is a good information but please trajection kannada longuavga with English. It's very useful
https://youtu.be/PC4g0SbFdt4 100/100 
My English Mark? Thank you for short sentences but I need long sentences and english to hindi translation sentences Hindi me bhi translate Karna chayiye .that's I dislike this video.🙂 Very good make like these videos children can learn them... Good keeping 😇😇😇😃🎧 Thanks 😊 mam Ok Raieat You std simpile English cilash speng ? Thank u for this video mam but I want telugu translation Super Very nice mam नमस्कार मॅडम मला आपणाकडून इंग्लिश आवडेल प्लीज मला इंग्लिश माझा व्हाट्सअप नंबर आहे90758266735 हा माझा व्हाट्सअप नंबर आहे माझ्या नंबरला लवकरात लवकर मी इंग्रज शिकावे असे व्हिडिओ मी आपला खूप आहे धन्यवाद Thanq Mam u r saying the words only ... What about their meanings? Hi,I need  a help to create such video ,can you help plz..? https://youtu.be/OXVLdeCHXcw

How to check Filer/ Non-filer status from FBR website What the fuck No subcribes Fooooooool Fool Teacher's are never arrogant as you by your reply to me, senior journalist Delhi India Di can you please make this teyp video's where use he she that ect Didu some people no some word's meaning in this sentence so please translate this sentence's English to Hindi This vedio really helpful for me
Nice😊😊😊☺️ Very nice Superb...madam.. it's really nice to understand that's what i want! but try not to talk and get fast a bit This is the Harpreet comment your video is very nice and so helpful thanks ধন্যবাদ দিদি 
🇧🇩🇧🇩 Who saw this in home quratine Your performance very nice and ginies I started tivishon classes Very good 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢 Nice video Respected Madam Ji:- Vocabulary badane ke liye ek video Opposite Word par bana Opposite Word ke through vocabulary yad karna bada hi interesting rahega.please reply. Santosh Dokle. Betul MP. Mobile and WhatsApp No 8821092547. Tm This video is very helpful thank you Ap hindi bhi sath sath btata to Jada aacha raheta Didi mare tmari pase english sikhvu chhe contact: 8141893420 H inch igloo dingo icon and bloc soon and chill gov l NM hobo Thanks for this i 'm really thankful of you, I like your face expressions to read that sentence..really very important sentence and thanks for this video.. Fantastic mem great your job thank you so much Thnxx 🙏😌🙏🙇 Very good sentences What is buy it meaning She : I love u 
Me :Sorry I have a girl friend Very important video You're looking so beautiful 😍
And you're voice is osm Good morning you will be my friend please U can b natural in Indian style a bit ....i think Thank you madam to  say this sentence Thanku mam Very useful Madam. Inke matlb 😠😠Kon batayega Super mam I understand well.i improved my vocabulary Good video اس کے ساتھ اردو ترجمہ کیوں نہیں کیا 😠😠 In ki hindi tra bap bate ga kia Afzalshah 👍🙏🙏🙏 Please improve quality of picture not visible clear, thanks citizen reporter Aap jo bolraha Hindi me translation Kari Nice english spach It's usefu Very nice Great job Mam please in sab ki Hindi bhi zaroor Bata dijiye kariye thanks It's very use full, thank you Thank you mam Good video keep going Woot go right ahead sister Tanks Your voice is so much Melody Thanks for this i 'm really thankful of you I love u too ma'am 🤣😅🥰😜😜😜😝Don’t forget to… 
- LIKE the video 
- SUBSCRIBE to our channel 
- Get your FREE account here https://goo.gl/md5Dtw Can you put indonesian sub please? So helpfull. I’m so hard for learn english Plot twist : This video is English Happy eade Eddie mobarak My country is [CLASSIFIED] and my house address is [CLASSIFIED] so im learnin british now mate. is there anyone want to practice British English with me. I need a partner/teacher Hiii LEARN ENGLISH WHILE RESTING....English for the real world...Listen in a most soothing voice you would ever hear...Pls.Subscribe🙏 Your thanks sir Very nice Hello Gina !! How are you doing ? so I love your English teaching style, I 've been in UK Kent for ten years, my mother , sister and two British nieces live there, i just I loved having been there,  I come back very soon, i would  love  meet you on Bluwater, this is near Dartford / Greenhithe, ...what would you think about this ? would I've any chance to meet you teacher? I do love this class, Love everyone here in the class, i love so much English culture, i have two British nieces, I love  Gina Tips ' teacher " she is so kind ,... Thanks Gina cheers !!!! REEEE REEEEEEE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Thank you very much for this vedio, is very important and very useful to improve my British accent in everyday life 🇲🇦🔥 how to be British
use "lad" , "love" , "darling" and "mate" in all your sentences and pronounce water as "wotah" . yee good after this 😀 tried it meself I am requesting reading books  send me Learn the UK English in 90 mins and the video length is about one and half hours? First sign that I can’t learn in 90 mins? 🤩

But thanks for the video and effort I'm British but I'm still here :/ camply is very costly so friends i start a telegram channel for english speaking practice   each other  so we can improve    so friends join my telegram   channel already 800 members native peoples there    

telegram id name    JUST SPEAK      plz type channel name capital letter

is totally free  its purpose poor people practice english    any dout to join my email stalinshamini@@t camply is very costly so friends i start a telegram channel for english speaking practice   each other  so we can improve    so friends join my telegram   channel already 800 members native peoples there    

telegram id name    JUST SPEAK      plz type channel name capital letter

is totally free  its purpose poor people practice english    any dout to join my email stalinshamini@@t I really like her voice! 🥰 This is more informative video and I feel easy to learn british english Iam prepare to go uk for my higher studies so I started to learn british english This video make me very confident Thanks a lot I l♡ve British English! 😍😍😍 aprendi a maior parte das palavras com a pronuncia do USA, ainda da tempo de mudar? I really want speak like this In fact I find the ugandan accent being the best in the whole world  🌎 In This video I am accompaning a spectacular lesson. I'm from Brazilian. I'm learning a Lot with This lesson! Excellent.. Very helpful video.. I learned how to ask questions now in the British language they´re natural at this omg Thaiii Hhhhhhhhu Useful British English to know the difference between American English. Thank you so much. Subscribed your channel too Love your video and your pronunciation from Malaysia 🇲🇾 I was just try to learning English for 1month now I finally found a British accent , I like to learn this kind of stuff.

Still I m try to learn if it's bad dnt mention it 5:07 It actually helped me a lot good british english Wow Am I the only person that notice this English is taught by an instructor   with a lisp. 
Is it not polite to mention someone has a lisp ???
A lisp makes sounding out word while reading difficult. Confuses people learning to spell English words as there is a total difference between a "th" 
and an "s". Am I the only person that notice this English is taught by an instrument tor with a lisp. 
Is it not polite to mention someone has a lisp ???
A lisp makes sounding out word while reading .Also confuses people learning to spell English words as there is a total difference between a "th" 
and an "s". Thanks  for  this  channel what is the difference between Britain English and American English? اكو عرب بالطيارة It is very useful. Thank you for posting and making this type of content This is exactly what I needed. I am learning British accent and this video turned out to be perfect for my need. 
Thank you Gina. 

Neha❤ It's really useful and it takes only three minutes is unnecessarily repeated much too often..

Apart from this,the videos are really useful and easy to learn
Keep up A very interesting and useful vedio! How can I pay money because I'm Indian Very useful lesson! Thanks！ Wow, so perfect! Hi gina I'm Brazilian i love english This feels more like general conversation skill training. I’m an actor looking to improve my British accent, my current accent is American. I think I’m in the wrong classroom. Im learning British accent because it make me look smarter than I am ! I'm from brazilian I don't know english very well, I want to learning English with a friend foreign! I love the " ANSSAR " word ! Got it from vs got it in what is the difference ? She is so scary 😱😰 Ivide malayalees aarum ille🙄 ennenghilum ith kaanuka aanel like adiku British English? You mean the only English lol. We created the language Thank you I am so sick, from being pregnant durring this Pandemic. To have doctors tell me to carry them through the PANDEMIC. IT IS SAD. THEY NEED PEOPLE , THAT WANT TO BE A DOCTOR, WITH A CARRING SOUL ...NOT ANY HERE. IN BURKE COUNTY. We made it, We didn't go too far, of course; We were on THE MAY-FLOWER...1743...OUR DATE...OUR FAMILIES....I WAS A DIFFERENT PERSON. Sad situation....LMAO. Down stream... Lol! 1776...1775... We were "THE RUN-A-WAYS" FROM ENGLAND! Well, We are The Ones From England...I miss her, security system. I want to choose British or American? I'm from Uzbekistan. Hi friends.  I like these lessons I was told that all achievements begins with the step to start,I got recommended here also about Austin how he help make hug profit for people I have tired now I have made withdrawal within a short period of time. I speak Dialect yes Dialect north east Lancashire not Accent, not Accent Thanks 😊
I'm from India ❣️ Waii im watching tis eventho i alraedy knor inglish😂 I  learnt it this way at school:  I'm very well, thank you. Never heard it outside school premises :) I'm from India. 🇮🇳 Its a good video but I will under stand it after long time because i am slow leaner Why has she not straighten up her teeth with the money from all these views & clicks? This class made me very smart to English and thank you for teaching me. yang orang indonesia sini ngumpull Yes Ok 24:52 marking for personal use Mam Hindi bhi batao na Really  great But London is full of emigrants and  Asians, so  What is your job? is perfect. So much love to follow british English and accent aswell.❤ so fast so beautiful English.❤
We are from srilanka 🇱🇰 Why american laugh on british accent whats mean i know british accent is most popular in the world please your me your fonne number Are you single? Your accent is very clear ¿Dónde puedo averiguar sobre un curso de inglés británico y el precio?❤️🙏 I want to practice english conversation. Any one interested plz text me. 0750687606 this is my WhatsApp number. Hii please continue your videos it’s very useful Aweyting new vedio Can you provide more video like this 👍♥ Very good pls make more video Tagalog and English men encANTATIA APRender I need more  videos please thanks for you help O my god i'ts nice.... it s very interesting site  to learn realy english I’m subscribed You teach English very simple way but the learners can learn the language very easily. After watching lesson I could not but subcribed. As a Bangladeshi I am learning English. So if there any mistake in my writing, don't make me shy. Please help me learning English. Q Hello all 
Hope you're ok 
Maybe it's not the perfect place but it's still an English community I'm learning English i would like to find people's to practice if any of you want to help me i'll be delighted 

Thank you Thanks thank you so much Oh my god thanks for everything . This Best class anglish , thank you so much Hello teacher Rarely: alíen number, it’s sounds like extraterrestre 🙊🌹🌹 Today is 2003 november🤣 I'm from Rwanda in Africa help me to speak well english. Thank you for your helping You guys did a good job Thank you so much very good 🥰 I don't have any many I understan your cinverstions. Every ones help this video learning English Thankyou sir. this video is very help full for me iam a english beginner Thanks my teacher  it very help me to learn English and it very important all the leave ASSALAMU CALAYKUM WA RAHMATULLAHI WA BARAKAATU m, do you need to study the Holy Quran and the Sunnah of the Prophet (SCW) welcome DUHA ONLINE FOR QURAN MEMORIZATION please contact us on +252634088487, moqaasim1 @ gmail.com or Skype Oh wow.. It's 2003 video... 😊 This video is very helpful for learning  English.thank you a lot. Good evening Very good Very goood Very good 👍 Good job I every day wach that, this is the best canal of you tube, i can understand very good the convesation in English Thank you very much sir Superb  vedio and very useful  vedio 🥰🥰  Sir please more vedios learn English Very useful video. I like this. I learn English easily in this video. ❤️❤️👍👍 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 You say me I want to go to the American but I don't go why? Do you know if you know say me please Very nice 👍I listened  so I little speak English I will go to the American now I live in Moscow I study at University🎓 I love you isable you are awsome gril so cute and lovely Great YouTube channel. Thanks I need to practi english but is dificult for my. I like this class Is my first class dancing or dance Thank your,I think  this way , I will learn faster , your classes are perfect... How much weigh are you? That's the best video who I wach to improve my inglês Very good English class, I am from Sri Lanka Preethi marambe Bracks  lives  matters Oo o https://youtu.be/llZfiAlPkBs Like tihs vidou Very. Good. I very like. English Hello from eastern Europe , Turkey🇹🇷 From Haiti Thanks my teacher I want more talking Hi 👋. I’m from Kazakhstan 🇰🇿  Thank you for lessons! I’m very happy 💐💐💐❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Teresa tiene personalidad de la morra de los plumones xd Niceee👍👍👍👍👍👍 I like this lesson good for each Congratulations. You teach so good. I understand you well I am happy because I learn more engilish speaking Thanks for help very good In congo we have twoo saison summer and spring Thank you for lesson Hello l m ruth Mazamba am from 🇨🇩 nice to mit you Thank you for sharing, the video helps more people to improve  english I am so happy because you help me to learn more thanks that was great Bom Thank you so much teacher teady I like this video thank you so much Nice..i like this studying nice and interesting good job I want learn English but I haven't many This is the best way to learn English awesome Very good This video was I'm very happy to you please help every one okay see you next time good Bay Hoow can i get more access to this class. For more learning lessons. Good work every one I enjoy the lesson you  are a great teachers.thank. Thanks 🙏 I enjoy this lesson ,good work everyone Thank you Sound more please Great class l am realy teaching more Things fur you gays.so thanks more Thanks so much,good practice  I would like see the next lesson please I love this class very helpfull.Thank you. I speak English. I need to teach me English I need practice with someone girl. English teacherI turned off my room's light n closed my eyes then I started to listen your vdo but after some time I stopped ur vdo cz I felt like horror story due to ur  background  music 😡😡😡 Great helpful  thank you nice tutorial sir ji thank you very much sir. Thanks for your conversation ❤️❤️ Code snack video 664266568 Love it. Thank you so much. Pollii o ❣❣ This kind of vdo is very helpful to me Am Indian it's very helpful Thank you very much. The accent is easy to listen 🎧 Worth to watch, Thanks for this مكرره Listen in 2021 // thank you so much is that repeat? 😂 That's  great!. Its seems its my sleeping dosage . Anybody wants to práctice English? Please! It's very good to practice, thank you.
But the background is quite disturbing.
I would be happy if there was a version without background music. Thanks SO RIGHT NOW I FEELIN SLEEPY BCOZ OF IM GETTING TIRED IM BEGGING YOU I NEED TO HANG IT UP MY PHONE TO END OF OUR CONVERSATION THIS NIGHT.. ALWAYS TAKE GOOD CARE OF YOUR SELF.. KEEP IT UP.. SWEETDREAMS.. MUAH MIS U LUV U.. SOUNDS LIKE THAT.. DONT WORRY ABOUT ME IM GOOD EVERYDAY OF MY LIFE... BYE I FEEL SLEEPY RIGHT NOW.. SLEEPING TIME..SOUNDS LIKE THAT.. IF U DNT MIND.. Hello teache How are you💞💝💓😃😃 Listening doesn't help you much. You need to keep practice speaking all the time Very nice and useful channel I  enjoyed listining this  diolog  . It is great 👍🤓 Indonesia listening Thanks you 👌👌💙💙💙 Dilsius  very helpful video thanks for you I love teacher thanks for your kind Fuck those ads,,,,, if you have ads between the video 🤣🤣🤣 Oh good What the fuck is this. This conversation of 5 minutes is repeating again and again, fuck you producer. Good Hello, i am from Brazil, my is not very well, i like this video. conversation is very good for learning but the background music is a bit louder..kindly remove it or lower it. thanks you for your team to make this video, this video show your handwork...........
this video is really helpful for beginners............they are trying to improve English  communication like me.......😊 Thank you so much for the repair this for us. We raerning very much new words and how can we thogt with the English language. Thank you very much lot of. thank you ! very good two you , i like Thanks 🙏 Wonderful video my friend. Thumbs up 👍🏻 See you around https://youtu.be/9Bv2IGQcUJo I love to learn English Thank you so much Tank you I am respect you Repeate and repeat I do like it It’s very good. But I want to know it works? Oh thanks very good video is there the short original version so we can download it as mp3? btw it is just annoying for 3hours and there are many ads popping up in you earphone lol Nice conversation Wow Me gusta su forma de enseñanza, me conecto a su programa y busco en Google el significado y en el traductor, creo que aprenderé. Why the hole video the same shitttt shut up guys Awesome This video is English American or English England Nice Bro stop doing your fucking ads in the video they interupt us and making us up from sleeping shiit ! Muchas gracias por sus videos excelente material sigan adelante Thank you so much for the english conversation videos especially in Indonesia country,you know Bali - Jakarta , those state are famous😘🙌😇 ok my god?
please support to my youtube channel. hic Anyone notice its just repeating the same? 英語首要是問路能有這樣的播放嗎？ 35 age....35 -12=23 age 1st child man ur so lucky....i dont even have a girlfriend now😂 Please click here for more videos and subscribe to my channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnQJU_jZ501aqdfsEhD48lA?sub_confirmation=1 Nice video Good This is very good................................ It's helpful for some people thnks from pakistan Ecstatic. My mom uses this bc she is Mongolian and does not really understand and shes now really good at talking but she says shes bad thank you very much for making this. This really inspires me so much. Thank you mam, i am from india. Plz don't play music A: do you have any child?
B:yes i have 3 son 
A:thats amazing 
B:do you have any child?
A:yes i have one daugther
B:youre very lucky
also B:Do yOu nEeD mY HelP To maKe MaLe ChilDrEnd? a mean we know in here is if you have married, have kids, and make some conversation with difrent gender, you can be teacher.... Why so many commercials :( NO FUCKING GOOD! I dreamed with BIDEN, I heard vote for Biden ! WTF! Thanks so much for all great videos. This video is perfect but the whole video they repeat same conversation 😎💛💙 Veja isso, tem um app chamado PracticeFlix. Interessante para quem quer aprender outro idioma pelo NetFlix. Só pesquisar no google. 💚😶🤩💛😝.. Good job Y los comerciales también los voy aprender ... thanks si much Great advice
1like from #silent_walkii I am so  happy to see this vedio ... I'm pilipino and you? 😂😂😂 Thank*s!!! Oh. Good 👍🤟 good 08:38
02:12:22
01:22:21 # Entertainment J Rudra
Outstanding 👏👏👏🌹♥️ Repeat//////😫😫😫😫 This video is very important for anyone i`m not good at english. i think very good study.  thank you Perfect and used conversation.... thank you very much ! ! ! Thanks  . Good lesson. thankyou so much it's very helpful me🙏🏻 I have learning English for a long time, but now I still learning and never give up. ohyaaa Im 24years old, I really want to be good speak English. One of my fave learning places! 👌👍 مـــين🥰 يــرحب🥰 بـي🥰 يـــضـــغـــك لايـك🥰ويـراسـلـنـي خـاص واشـتـرك بقنـاتـــــــي
  الواتس اب*00
33753664556*💋💋💋 very niceWe are starting a New Basic Spoken English Batch from 01/03/2021.
Time : 6PM Everyday. 
On our YouTube channel Navya Educator 
Advance English Course is going on at 7:00 PM Everyday Frnds se Tysm Stupid teacher giving evil example Non sense example Apne se sikhi hu Sir dosto na... 😛😛😛😛 Gali🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Soonke Coures kar ke hi to english shik te h U are best teacher ...sir😍😘 Naam or thumbnail dekh aaya tha educator ko dekh kr jaa rha hu Dhokha de rhe hai sir toh Today is my frist day..your vedio is very good I believe me of 15 day will be complete speaking English ...😛 Mujhe aap English sikhane mein pahle bahut Achcha result mila  aur Moti ko English mein kya bolate Hain  thankyou acchi English sikhane ke  mujhe bahut Achcha Laga aapane bahut acche Samjha thank you thank you so much Minebloing 👈👌👌 Best teacher ever Very nyc Sir ab tu koi nahi rok shakta english bolna sa 😅 Dost ne Sir aap k maa ko parnaam 🙏🏻.  sooper way salute to you I am watching your video with playback speed   option  and it seems very funny and interesting Very nice, aaj laga hum bhi english shik sakte hai thanks 🙏 You are amazing Thanks a lot sir best tutor to learn hindi..
total hindi class best tutor to learn hindi....a total hindi class Great job it's my first class thanku so much sir    very interesting  class Thanks bro Parichalak... I don't know bakwas speaking skill Durty 👎👎 Nahi🤭🤭 Hello sir.... Today is my first day of class hlo I Like That Video 😊😍❤❤👍👌👌👏 Wow WOW..!!! WHAT A CLASS 👍👍VERY WELL 👍 SIR, KEEP IT UP!!!!!! outstanding ❤️ Sir I want to learn English sir Thanks sir ji best class I can't stop my laughing Aap ka eng  sikhane ka way bhaut acha hai..thank u sir thank you sir main aapki pahali bar video dekh raha hu and maine aapaka channel subscrib kiya and 8 grup me bheja aur maine apane relation me bhi bhej diya aapaki video bahot useful hai super sir 
thank you so much listen 
 Repeat 
Speak 


nice sir Welldone Arey log english video dekh kar  sikh rahe hain kiyaa aj kal wow amazing 🤣 Break nahi brake hai I am starting your academy you are doing very good job Nice Nice Very interesting I feel motivated after the class..... keep motivating us.. This clip is really made for me and motivate me, good job sir nice sir Thank u so much sir  very interesting    teaching  in my first class Thanks I like your style of teaching Hello sir Good Nice Dear sir,
Today is my first class. Today is my first day Thumbnail se confuse ho gya tha 😅 ❤️❤️❤️ Omg thank you soo much for ur motivation 🌸God bless u Thank you sir🤗 Nice 👍👍👍👍 interesting class Sir I want learn to fluency.sir guide us. This is the best vedio 😀😀❤️ Tere bap ne Very interesting video sir 👍👍yr teaching style is so amazing 🙏🙏🙏 Sir best sweet nice great Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Beat best sweet nice great Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 Best video sweet nice great 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👍👍❤️👍❤️❤️❤️❤️🙄👍🙄👍🙏🥰🥰😁😘😃😍😘😃😍😘😃😘💙😃😍😘😃😁😘😃😍😁😃😍😁😘😃😍😁😘😃😍😁😃🥰😁😘😃🥰😁😁🥰😘😃🥰😍😁😘😁😃😍😁😘😃😍😁😘😃🥰😁😃🥰😁😘😍🥰😘🥰🥰😁😘🥰🥰😘😁🥰😃🥰😁😘🥰🥰😁😍😊😘😍🥰😘😘😍🥰😁😘🥰🥰😘🥰💙🥰🥰💙💙😃🥰💙💙😃🥰😘😘😃😍😁😘🥰😍😘😃😁😘😘😊🥰😘😍😃🥰😍😘😘😘🥰🥰😁🥰😁😘🥰😍😘🥰😃😍😘😘🥰🥰😃😃😍😘😁😃🥰😘😃😘🥰😃🥰😁🥰🥰😁😃😘😍😃😘🥰🥰😘😃😁😘😁🥰😃🥰😁😁💙😘🥰😃😁😘😘🥰😃😁😘🥰🥰😘😘😃😍😘😍😃😁😘😍😃😁😘🥰😘😍😃😁💙💙🥰🥰😁💙💙😍😃🥰😁😘😘💙😍😘💙🥰🥰😍😁😘💙🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😍😁😍😍😍😍😍😁😁😁💙😘😃🥰😁😁😘😃😁😘🥰😍😘😘🥰😘💙🥰😍😁😘🥰😍😘😘😃😃😁😁😘🥰🥰😁😘💙🥰😃😁😁💙😃🥰😍😁😊🥰😍😁😘😃🥰😁😘🥰😍😘😃😁😘😘😃😍😘😘😃😁😘💙😃😍💙🥰🥰😁😘😃😍😘💙😃😍💙💙🥰🥰😁😘💙😃🥰😁😘💙🥰🥰😁😘💛🥰🥰😍😘💙😃😍😍😁💙😃🥰😍😍😘😘💙😃😍😁😘💙😃🥰😍😁💙😃😁😁😘😃😁😘💙😃😍😘💙🥰😁💙😃😍😃😁😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😘😘😘😘😁😁😁😘😁😁😁😁😘😁😘😘😘😘😁😁😁🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😃😃🥰😃😃😃😃😃😃😊😃😃😃🥰🥰😍😁😘😘💗💗💗💗💗💗😃🥰😍😘😍😃😘😃😁😃😁😘🥰😍😘 Best video ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😁😁😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍💜👍👍👍💜👍👍👍👍💜👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🥰🥰🥰😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃❤️🧡💚💗💜💜🤎 Thanks sir I'm coming here to see thumbnail girl but it's change... Thank u so much sir 🙏 ☺ Bhut bad video Very good explaining Very nice ,  very good sir☺ Very nice Thankyou Sir your video is very good for me Bus ko gari bolte hei...bhaiya Right Spoken class ki 1st class hamesha accha views ata h... badme sabka josh khatam😎😎😎 Today attending your class sir  I feel happy Today 👍👍👍👍 Good I liked your video Driver ko chalak khte h😂😂 Muje bilkul bhi English bolni ni aati I love first day of your class thank you so much sirr ❤❤ Spellings are wrong... steering. .. brake... etc. Plz pay attention to  these 🙏 to  keep  a good remark of your channel Ap Sindhi MA write kar ha plz Sir I need u numberFREE Study Material - https://www.spokenenglish.guru
FREE Lesson-Wise Videos, Practice Ex. & Test Papers on Android App - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.qtime.spokenenglishguruMy Books: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/books/
My eBooks: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/ebooks/
My Lesson-wise Videos on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/SpokenEnglishGuru/playlists
My App (Lesson-wise Videos, Prac. Ex. & Quiz): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.qtime.spokenenglishguru

FAQs (English Doubts): https://www.spokenenglish.guru/english-grammar/
FAQs (Web Courses): https://www.wemakebloggers.com/what-is-blogging/

Written Material:
Tenses: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/tense-definition-rules-charts/
Verbs: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/all-verbs-in-english-grammar/
Conversations: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/conversations/
Translations: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/hindi-to-english-translation/
Vocabulary: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/vocabulary/
Daily Use Sentences: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/daily-use-english-sentences/
Interview Q&A: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/interview-questions-and-answers/
Punctuation Marks: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/14-punctuation-marks-in-english/
Active-Passive Voice: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/active-and-passive-voice-rules-tricks-charts-exercises-examples-pdf/
Direct- Indirect Narration: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/direct-and-indirect-speech/
Parts of Speech: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/parts-of-speech/
Noun and its type: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/noun/
Indefinite Pronoun: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/indefinite-pronoun/
Causative Verbs: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/causative-verbs/
English Writing Practice Ex: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/english-writing/
English Speaking Practice Ex: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/english-speaking-practice/
English Listening Practice Ex: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/english-listening-practice/
English Charts: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/english-charts-tense-chart-conditional-chart-active-passive-chart/
Essays: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/essay-writing/
Speech: https://www.spokenenglish.guru/category/speech/

Follow on:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/englishwaledotcom/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/spoken_english_guru_adityarana/

IVR Help desk @ +91-8448443310
WhatsApp @ +91-9760375308 (Get Links) So good Big brother apka bolne ke andaz bohot achha, i love you big b❤️ Sir mujhe basic english ki 5 class nhi mil rha hai i can read, i can write but when it come to speaking, i fumble. Thanks sir, you have a good teacher. your style have great for teaching, i watch all your videos, i understand English, which anybody tell, also my written have good. but i have in speaking problem. i want to communicate any body who speaks me in English with daily basis any topic. i want to practice to speak in English. have any one ?. could any body share the mobile no, who want to practice in speak in English? Love and respect from Pakistan Sir mujhe english sikhna h plz help me Yes sir aapne bohat accha samjhaya h Thanks a lot. Aur sir regular kaise use kare simple sentences Thank you sir sir aap ne practice ke liye sentences nahi diya plz sir sentences ki practice ke liya  sentence bta dijiye Sir  God bless you. 👌🏻 Sir, Good evening. I am your online  regular student. Every time I get impressed with your lecture and reviews it. सर मैंने अपनी पूरी ज़िन्दगी में इतने अच्छे से समझाने वाले टीचर नहीं देखे है । Sir English spoken ke liye kon kon sa chapter padhna jaruri hai English spoken me grammar kitni use hoti hi Sir you explain very well.God bless you keep giving knowledge like this to everyone.Thank you so much😊 love from pakistan Very easy method Serial Mai kse delve  i mean pahle 1 next sec??? Thank you sir Such a truth conversation.......👍👍 Thanks sir for  better teaching Sir I don't have words for your compliment I'm from Nepal Thanks 😊 Awesome sir Nice video 👌 sir Sir will be future continuous pe use hota hai na 🤔🤔 aur shall ka use tense pe kyu nahi hota hai🤔🤔tense vdo me sab dikhate hain ki shall will ka use hoga bolk.....????doubt sir Meri dimak mai English hi nhi ghus rhi h 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 thanks sir.... u r great.. Class 5 k liye kha tk tense hai syllabus  me But I'm not gonna be there in like an idiot and the other day when you have a great night and sweet potato pie is the best of the African Americans sir Sir mix of both of them and I was going through the 🐵 eats the 🐠 and I have been there since day one and the Two Strings Thanks you sir sir u r best trainer in the world  ...i m learning English through ir videos and do practice  with my six years ol child and by talking my self.. jesua bless u abundantly Sir mujhe aapke video se bahut kuch sikhne ko mila and aapke sikhanne ka tarika bhi best hai U r great teacher 🙏👌👌 Good Explan Kapde almari mai hai-almirah has clothes.kya ye sahi hai pls btaye My You are brilliant Thanks allot sir hi🔥❤️👍😀 sir agar koi kuch bol rha hai to vo simple sentence hoga ? sayad nahin
 pr sir agar mein kahun ki 
mai coffee shop mein khara huun 
to kya ye sentence simple aentence hoga Superb 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌....... Very good sir very sample idea very eusy teaching Sir ap Bhtt AXha smjhaty hain thank you so much 🥰🥰🥰🥰 I dont know how to make notes Sir puri g Jan lga denge English sikhne k liye Thanks sir Thank you so much  sir Sir i want learn English but i does not explain frornt anyone plzz share more videos because i have problem, this word be with strat sentence plzzz share Thanks sir love from pakistan Hello sir i have a question (i am engaged)is this a simple sentence? and other (i got engaged )is this past sentence or tense? Sir, I bow at your feet. You have created a very good platform from which even a poor child can learn English. Thanks a lot. You are doing a great job. Thank you mai ek house wife hu ab mai English sikh kr hi rhungi Thanks sir 🙏 thank you sir 😍 You really really good work for learn English Really your teaching style is marvelous sir Thx Pless hme  tense nhi aati h kya aap hme shikha sakte h tense Thankyou so much sir ♥️♥️♥️♥️ Thanks a lot sir ji 🥳🥳 Yes You are best teacher in the world 🌍🌍 jo inhe best teacher manta h like 👍kro mere comment ko Thank you sir Mera bhut jyada man hai English sikhne ka ser 🙏🙏🙏 "mere paas kitab hogi" ka translation as per the rules ye sahi hai kya sir?- "I will have the book". ajeeb sa lag rha hai ye sentence to Helo sir my name is shayma sir mere sat bhi ek problem create hoti jab mere samne koi English bolta hai to me samjh jaati bhotshi bato ka jabab bhi deti hu per kuch bt ese hoti samjh to jaati per answer nhi depat Humko staring se padna hai kirpiya link b Sir hm dil❤ se nhi aapse english sikhna chahte h 😂 ( sir bura lge to maf kr dijiyega) I am just joking sir....waise aap sbse accha padhate h 😊😊😊😊🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗 Right sir introduction apne Bhaut ache se ke I am vry thankful to you 🙏 Sikhna chahate hai Aapki bahot achhi command hai English pe 🙂👍 Sir very nice explaination👍👍👍 Sir mera beta 3ed class mai h 
Kya uske liy abhi tense samjhna
Suru kr dena chahiy Sir pdf nahin mela 𝑀𝑎𝑖 𝑠𝑖𝑘ℎ𝑛𝑎 𝑐ℎ𝑎𝑡𝑎 ℎ𝑢 ed ya es ya s lagne par vah kirya ke rup me koi bhi word kese karya karta he Me Sir mein kitni bhi kosish karu tense nahi seakh pati lakin mughe seekhna hai Thanks❤ sir Thanks Good video Good Sir bahut acha pdhate hi Thank you sir Really good lecture sir😊😊 Mein zabardasti aya hoon Thanks you sir u r the best Very Nyss Sir Very Nyss Sir Very Nyss Sir Nice teaching sir Sir apaka name kay aahe Mer name aahe kartik Ma Absolutely right  grt job sir I have never seen such a great teacher like u... Jo inta study material provide kre.. And ur app great . I have downloaded many English learning app but wo useless the.. But ur app I really appreciate.Got a question on the topic? Please share it in the comment section below and our experts will answer it for you. For Python Programming Certification Curriculum, Visit our Website: https://bit.ly/2Y58PfN (Use Code "𝐘𝐎𝐔𝐓𝐔𝐁𝐄𝟐𝟎") Below is the video timestamp:
1:55 What is Python?
3:40 Why is Python popular?
4:55 Features of Python
6:50 Where is Python used in the industry?
7:50 Learning Path
9:15 Career Opportunities
10:30 How Netflix use Python?
11:55 How does it use Python?
18:15 Python Developer Salary
18:50 Who is Python Developer?
19:20 Python Developer Job Trends
21:55 How to become a Python Developer?
23:05 Who is a Python developer?
33:50 Job Roles
41:40 Emerging Job Roles
44:30 Road Map
47:05 Python Installation
54:30 How to run a Python program?
58:35 Best IDE for Python
59:35 What is an IDE?
59:50 Features of an IDE
1:00:50 Best IDEs of Python
1:07:40 PyCharm Tutorial
1:07:42 Introduction to PyCharm
1:09:07 Features of PyCharm
1:28:02 Comments in Python
1:28:52 What are Comments?
1:29:47 When to use Python?
1:30:22 How to write comments in Python?
1:32:22 Types of Comments
1:35:57 Docstring Comments
1:39:02 Variables & Data Types
1:39:17 Variable definition & Declaration
1:41:22 Data Types
1:41:42 Numbers
1:43:12 String
1:46:02 List
1:48:12 Dictionary
1:50:12 Tuple
1:51:27 Set
1:53:52 Type Conversion
1:54:42 Python Collections
1:57:12 Specialised Collections Data Types
2:14:57 Arrays
2:15:32 What is an Array?
2:17:27 How to create Arrays in Python?
2:20:52 Accessing Array Elements
2:22:42 Basic Array Operations
2:24:27 Adding elements to an Array
2:27:52 Removing Elements of an Array
2:33:42 Slicing an Array
2:36:12 Looping through an Array
2:39:57 Hash Table and HashMap
2:41:37 Creating Dictionaries
2:44:02 Nested dictionaries
2:46:52 Performing Operations on Hash Table
2:55:32 Operators in Python
3:13:17 Loops in Python 
3:13:52 Why to use Python?
3:16:12 What are Loops?
3:18:07 Loops in Python
3:18:17 While Loop
3:26:22 For Loop
3:32:22 Nested Loop
3:48:12 Patterns in Python
4:24:27 File Handling
4:25:07 Why need File Handling
4:27:02 Types of Files
4:28:37 What is File Handling?
4:29:22 Python File Handling System
4:32:52 File Operations for Reading
4:41:27 Python File Write Method
4:47:37 Decorator
4:48:22 Functions in Python
4:54:07 Decorators in Python
5:08:32 Lambda
5:10:17 How to write Anonymous functions?
5:29:02 Map-Reduce Functions
5:29:47 Introduction to map(), filter(), reduce()
5:46:22 What are Generators?
5:47:32 Normal functions vs Generators
5:48:02 Writing Generators in Python
5:52:57 Generators with Loops
5:53:57 Generator Expressions
5:56:22 Use-Cases
6:02:27 OOPS Concepts
6:03:07 Classes & Objects
6:33:47 Inheritance in Python
6:36:52 Types of Inheritance
6:42:47 Python Super Function
6:44:52 Exception Handling
6:54:42 Try & Except block
7:05:52 Python Module
7:07:47 How to create a Module?
7:17:33 Python Modules Search Path
7:24:23 Date & Time
7:24:58 time module
7:38:23 Numpy
7:38:58 What is Numpy?
7:41:43 Numpy vs List
7:49:03 Numpy Operations
8:05:23 Numpy Special Functions
8:09:58 SciPy
8:10:48 What is Python SciPy?
8:12:23 Basic Functions
8:15:48 Special Functions
8:18:53 Integration Functions
8:24:43 Linear Algebra
8:26:48 Interpolation Functions
8:28:18 Pandas
8:29:18 Data life-cycle
8:31:23 What is Pandas?
8:35:33 Pandas Operations
8:54:13 Example
8:59:38 Python for Statistics
9:02:43 Pydoop
9:04:03 Matplotlib
9:04:28 Data Visualization
9:09:13 Matplotlib
9:10:13 Types of Plots
9:30:13 Multiple Plots
9:32:18 Seaborn
9:32:53 Introduction to Seaborn
9:33:33 Seaborn vs Matplotlib
9:34:28 How to install Seaborn?
9:34:48 Installing Dependencies
9:35:33 Python Seaborn Functions
9:44:23 Multi-Plot Grids
9:47:08 Plot Aesthetics
9:50:58 FIFA Use-case
10:15:33 OpenCV Tutorial
10:16:03 What is Computer Vision?
10:16:48 How computer reads an Image?
10:18:53 What is OpenCV?
10:19:58 Basic operations with OpenCV
10:27:33 Face Detection
10:27:38 Face Detection using OpenCV
10:31:53 Capturing Video
10:43:28 Use-case - Motion Detector 
10:54:58 Web Development Framework
10:55:23 What are Frameworks in Python?
11:08:34 Python Web Development
11:09:04 Python Web Development Libraries
11:09:24 Python & Django
11:28:19 Web Scraping
11:33:49 Packages used for web Scraping You are doing god's work ❤️❤️❤️ Thanks alot❤️❤️❤️❤️ Is this course enough to get good knowledge of Python?? And
 Do you have software testing course using Python?? Thanks! Very Nice and informative video Keep it up
God bless You take care yourself and have a nice day ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ can I get the slide used here? This is so informative and I love to learn python....Thank you so much Edureka for giving this amazing opportunity to learn python... Really Love Your Videos After watching this video I have now faith in humanity 🙏👌👍 Where should we use that code and how can i get certified?? Pls reply 🥺 great!!!!!!!!!!!!! Great work keep it up. 9ise Knowledge good. FILE HANDELLING WAS BEST:-)))) Very helpful I have subscribe your channel I will also share this in my friend and family group Thank you very much I love you Edureka  from the bottom of my heart . Edureka's activities certainly deserve praise.  The way you present difficult things in a beautiful and simple way is truly remarkable.  Thanks Edureka, take love from 🇧🇩 This is the best youtube tutorial you earned a sub and like edureka :D Thank you for this course..is it possible to share this Slide You are a great Thank you very much for the video Thank you so much for all your efforts We also Can use VS CODE for running Python programs it's the easiest way and Intrepeter is also In bulit in VS CODE you just need to Install it..
Your work is Excellent.🎉 You helped me a lot with my project 😊 
Thanks for your awesome assistance Thank you for sharing your knowledge 🙌 Hacking course plz Thanks a lot edureka! The teaching was awesome. Really enjoyed the video. All topics are covered in this tutorial video from basic concept?? Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart This is my favourite channel. I especially like it when you explain everything so nicely. I wish you a lot of success with the channel and happy life. It's really fruitful for students as well.....really good initiative by edureka!!...👍 Woah I learnt a ton mam your teaching and lecture are very perfect. thanks, mam! 12 hours of course for free! will be remembered for entire life! One of the best course of python. You guys are doing extremely great work. Your course has helped me a lot in my journey as a coder. I have also done same course from coursera which are paid but your content and style of teaching is far more better and easy to learn. I am very greatful to you guys for such a great course. THANKYOU. Saurabh Sir teaches the best and sounds well read & intelligent 👏🏻👏🏻 but I am not degrading other teachers and their efforts here, it's just that he stands out. Good code where can I find this whole presentation? We are very lucky to have this great channel Thank you so much edureka team.🏅🎖️ This is amazing course guy's 
Enjoy it bro We Always support you edureka channel. Your way of explaination, speaking is Nice and understandable and mainly uploading tutorials for free is so hard thing to do but you are doing it. Once again Thank you very much Great work❤ Ok Great course. Thanks. 👍👍 Loved this video!!!!! Loved this video!!!!! Can u suggest me a good python book for beginners??? A 11 hour course with subtitles?? And no ads!!!
Well this ought to be in the Guinness records Thanku so much 🤍🤍🤍 Thank u so muchh edureka...
Didn't think of anything like this on YouTube that for free QUALITY is superpurb Please make python video in Hindi also that will help many students like me thank..🙏❤️ Love from Bangladesh Thank you soo much ❤️ I am manoj who was finding this course for free. I have always thakful to you. Because you helped me lot through this video. Is it enough to learn? Thank you Sirf where can I get a Python certificate Sir i am a beginer can i start with this video Good information. Thank you for your efforts These edureka guys should be protected at any cost ❤️ Once Elon Musk said knowledge is free....
He meant here..."Edureka" YT channel Is this video enough for PCEP? You guys are wonderful. Thank you from Nigeria i am 13 years old and very useful You are the best teacher ever Really helpful! Thank you for preparing and sharing this! Where i should start for becoming a big data engineer as freasher Hi 
I am new to want to become big  data engineer where i can my learning 
with the edureka videos 👌🌹❤ Thanks for making video in English 😊 thank you so much I am not from computer science background in b.tech Is there any basics need to learn for watch this video or no need can anyone suggest me Thanks a lot for putting effort for us to make 12hrs video without any ads....hats off to Ur hardwork....keep rocking Python is my love
I love Python ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Thanks for teaching me the basics 😊 Masterpiece video ! 12 hours without ads ! Well I still have faith in humanity ! Does this video teach everything you need to learn about python? send me some projects for practice Hi, thank you for the information. Would a Non-IT background person be able to learn python and other required languages or programs for datascience, please reply. Is you are from India or Pakistan. Add course in Hindi language. Thank You  EDUREKA  Team...Have Good Days ...Good Work Is there is any remaining coures to complete the Python programming 
or this is enough, because I want to complete all the things which are in Python programming. WOW Is this enough I mean will I become a master of python India is the country giving knowledge for free Thnak you guys.... Superbbb I successfully installed python as well as the studio....thanks a lot for this extraordinary work Sir....How can I download the notes plz?😊 I am from commerce backgrounds with informatics practices with python . Is this helpfull for me 1:33:00 I feel lucky find this in u tube Thank you so much ...edurekha teammm.......🙏🙏 Wow. That's cool. Unfortunately, I do not have such a course in my native language. Thank you for your endeavors. That's very useful for me 🌹🌹🌹 Awesome videos 👍 This is the real channel I was searching for. Thank you so much for this lectureНе зря учу английский. Практически всё понимаю, пора повышать уровень.) I watched this in 2018 when i just start learning English. 

I really recommend ppl to watch it again and again especially for beginners 😊 thank for this video its most useful video keep it BURCU HOCADAN GELENLER 1+       DENİZ YILDIZLARI I'm regularly watch Oxford University  video. Çok guzel vidio elinize emeginize saglık When i watche these videos I remind  my first courses in English good exercisr Thank's, these videos helped me a lot! Trình độ của mình cần có từ để dễ hiểu video nhưng một số video chỉ có lời vậy yêu cầu họ trợ giúp để dễ hiểu thành thật cảm ơn các bạn nhé bye Hello lam Arabic my English is not so good l want you to read about Islam and pophet محمد İts boring Встретьте кто -нить мою сестру,а то у меня йога) норм, чё) Que mierda es inglés👎👎👎👎😤😤😡😠👿 Poor Sarah and pour dog Good 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕 жига 7 Wow, jane is  a pain It's Tuesday haha I don't know why I'm here but it'll can help me I adore  the British  accent. I'm happy  when I hear British accent. I really get enjoy  this video 🙂 great video to improve English.  I learned more words from this   video 😃 Nice, from India Good morning Nice Anyone know what the name of this movie is? Very useful. stay blessed. stay connected. fully watched. Thank you for sharing It's bore Подскажите пожалуйста у кого слух острее, - на 22:12 я слышу немного не то что в титрах. Что Дэвид произносит на самом деле после слова free. - this evening или что-то другое? 
Please tell me who has a sharper hearing - at 22:12 I hear a little different from the subtitles. What David actually says after the word free. - this evening or something else? Jane looks like Hermione, Matt - Ron, David - Harry and Helen - Ginny. David looks good ॐ wow I like the T-shirt Matt wearing it  episode 3 ☺️ Great video..i like it David an d matt are so handosome Reportense los del poli thank you come here from Tim and Julia😂😂 Could you upload me the harry potter movie 1st , please ?? It halps me a lot
Thanks a lot 
It's my favourite channel to learn english easier They don't like anymals. Ñ Ñ Ñ Ñ How did get to canada? Are you student or do you live as asylum seeker.🙏🙏 When the mind remained under the sky of monotony, the blood of culture froze in the arteries of contemplation, and the forces of thinking grew old, and the luster of literary stagnation eroded, and the passers by lost their way back to the seat of wisdom  and guidance.
 Would the steps of the decline towards the depth of failure proceed without the speculative fiction sensors being lethargic to go deeply to read the current situation with the eyes of science?
 There is no doubt that joining the list of cultural distinction many tools in order for awareness to be able to overcome the most current obstacles in order to reach a sure solution to the existing and complex problems.
 In order not to remain confined to the circle of literary apathy
 we must push for a return to the historical word, and here I mean going back to the books to founding the pure mind, so that we do not merge into the furnace of contemporary modernity and get lost from our tongues all the wonderful alphabets.



ALI SUROOR Om on matte's T- shirt😊👍 These English series helped me a lot when i was a sophomore in University. At a low level of spoken English, I became more fluently and pratical in my speaking skills and listening as well. Helpful to learn english nic Great really great voice Yorum yapan ilk Azərbaycanlıyam deyəsən 🇦🇿🇹🇷 Name of this program??? BREXIT - à l'heure de l'anglais d'aéroport et de celui des États-Unis. on s'en branle de votre verbillage d'Oxford ou de je sais d'où. No spik BREXIT Me cago en todo mi profe me mandó a ver este video de mierder The background music of guitar that follows your conversation is so sweet and melodious, that it touches my heart and makes me feel asleep. Thank you all. i think i will bring money back for you. i promised i will take money back at weekend. I will take back as fast as possible the fact that I actually like the history and want to see more My idol - Matt🤣❤️ Thnks from india Thanks for this video i learn a lot and i hope to improve my english language 🥰 Can anyone tell me about this serial name pls 😊 there is 11 p.m and now i'm watching this video Anybody have noticed Matt has worn om🕉️ shirt I felt good to see every day I see your video lots of love from chhattisgarh india ❤️😘 Can I get a speaking partner here to practice English What did David say at 21:57? Hello guys from Uzbekistan🇺🇿 thank you so much  for this video Wow its very useful video .thanks I don't understand. Helpe me good i would like all english people talk in this exactly speed xd Жигули. ЁПРСТ 🤣🤣🤣🤪 Everyone share this post on social media 👍 Matt is funny😂 My favourite part is Home movie and Surprise😘❤😍 muito boa a série! Why people dislike this video ????? Im from indonesia , its very works Matt's so cute. Oh my God they must to buy a new car О семерка жигули👍😁😁😁😁 After watching this movie I learned English. And I can say, why he is driving on this terrible car? Azerbaycandan baxanlar? все понятно A little spooky Loved this stuff ❤️❤️ thnx a lott !! History Los subtítulos dificultan  la diferenciación de los sonidos en ingles Help me, idon't understand this 1:48 Very good thinks Very funny😃😄😂😉😆 I love it😊☺😀😁😂 very excellent, I understand, very freely pronounced words, and, obviously, the accent is also excellent Шестёрка в Британии? Thank you sir do for our ╮┅━━━━━━⭐️⭐️⭐️━━━━━━━┅╭ 
     هَََََََهََََََهَََََهََََهَََهََهَـَ😂ـِهِهِِهِِِهِِِِهِِِِِهِِِِِِهِِِِِِِهِِِِِِِِِ               ✿¸.´¯`✫⚘⚘✫¸.🕊´ this very help me Woaw it is interesting end for part six but ı think Matt do a mistake.Guys, what else do you want to learn from Intellipaat? Comment down below and let us know so we can create more such tutorials for you. Interesting video Sir can u tell about coding language detaily please I want to make career in coding after marriage. That's why i am here sir. ❤️ Hey Lovely explanation , thought me a to z ❤️ I want to make a website and a game sir how can we learn python How to choose project and where to choose project from thank you so much for this video it was really helpful Biology student can do coding The India guy from youtube teaches better then every school class I had in my life combined 5:18 - develop website 3:34 - I want to become a programmer because I want to settle in USA, and also a heigh income 😝 Here is me at programing 101. 😊 Hello sir My first day of learning coding. Wish me a luck💥💥🙏 My first day on coding ,wish me good luck Embedded Systems is useful course Sir...? I just here coding and searching in you tube"😂" soo clever I want to make games i want to make  coding my new hobby,it seems interesting too, how should i start I am a commerce student. is it possible for me to learn coding and get a good job in coding? hi Brother which Language best to create any app yo i just want to understand my boyfriends job :P i am 14 years old and i want to learn coding so that's why i am watching this video how to download java Thanks for the suggestions on where to start, i had no clue how i would begin until i saw this! how do you start coding man you just gave a whole speech . @intellipaat can you teach my son via online? Thanks I want to be amazing coder.Waiting for my future self to look at this This is my first day learning coding:-) Wish me luck! Hello bro I'm a Art's student i learned coding? surat ma ha class hi Who wants learn coding but don't have a pc:') How we can do any questions of java very easily Pls help me i wanna create my own app i now finally know how to code Nice sir Which Language will you prefer for Developing game How to create a game Thankyou so much for this viedo. Have a great time. e
] Me : learing to code when im in 9 years old I KNOW HTMP Hello I am  Suraj Singh I am learning coding and I making  a new app I'm 16 can I learn coding perfectly??😅🤔 Sir are you a software engineer ?? This is my first day learning coding, wish me good luck Nice bro Please keep it up the video of coding Do u have couse about python You r a best teacher The one's who watching this have better future than whitehatjr kids ... 𝐓𝐪 𝐬𝐢𝐫 hey, im 23 is it too late to start learn coding? Thank you very much bro. 
Nice video, for me Hi i want to learn python Can coding be done on tablet if we are interested in app development from which language should we start Once sushant singh rajput said around 3 to 4 years coding will be required for everyone I want learn coding for software engi I’m 12
My parents haven’t even bought me a computer yet
But here I am, watching this video
Because I desperately want to create a keyboard that includes Old English letters I am 11 years old codder👍 how  to do coding i love it i want to learn more and more I love this, let's keep learning, developing and building 👩‍💻 My first day learning coding 
Wish a Good luck Best search ever... thanks,it helped me alot...❤️❤️ Iam 14 nd im mad to learn coding.....💻💁!!!! 🖤 sir i am a game modder and i wanna create a software to open and edit various yobj files....and i want to do it in C++ Can I start learning java as a beginner? should I know other languages before learning Java? I learn for website building hii I just learning coding is for highest paying job!! how can I get free courses for coding as I don't know a little bit in coding 
but interested thank you for telling me all this i am a kid and a beginner and  that was a lot of info for me thank you I want to learn coding Im 16, and planning on making a trading bot. I have a pretty strong plan, not the same bot other people make. Do you advise python? I want prepare a game how to start and what are the tools and language is need for that sir Best coding software? Is there any online classes for free.... from intellipaat...?????? hay can we use python for game development Thank 😊 for this video 
It is really helpful 😃 for me 
I am student and I really wanted codding it's interesting and I have to make app so I'm learning Coding languages required to best mathematics skills? how could i know which language and tool can be used for the project I'll be choosing from game,mobile app or web app Thanks a million Great bro im 13 and i wana learn coding so bad i keep watching videos like this!! thank you for providing this video Sir I don't have a laptop because of my economic status can I do same thing in Mobile ? Hi Sir...
my son is currently 16 years old and in 2 years he is going to university and wants to major in computer science.

so I mean there are still 2 years left before my child enters university, I want to provide knowledge in this programming field, what programming language do you think my child should learn before entering university ? thanks Sonic the hedgehog Who has made their 1st program with:-"welcome" or an addition program 😄 2:46 You know how data science works right?
Me: what is that?
Anyone else or is it just me!!?😳😳😑The full course has 40 lessons, 52 videos and 40 quizzes, please visit➥https://ChineseFor.Us/Basic 你好 
 Just I know thtat. I want to know more Any Indians present here Don't mind me, just to sounds like I'm studying rn. the hao symbol in ni hao is different than the hao symbol in her name hao li.  The symbols are so confusing and complicated! So xing sappleton comment മലയാളികൾ ഉണ്ടോ 🌴🇮🇳
Love from kerala, India❤️ What is the meaning of 'to be called' in this word Mandarin(Chinese)= Hardest language in world 🥲 I apparently have no reason to want to learn Chinese. But I'm somehow in love with the way it sounds so......I felt like I'll give it a try when I have time Am confused ni hao iz hello or your well Wow Hi Wo Xing Shelene Dunn I am learning Chinese for family man season 3. ;P xie xie ni nihao! woxing Met! wo jiao Aguee. I am learning Chinese for Chinese actor Lin yi😁🤗.What is your reason? 'wo xing 费萨尔'
'wo jiao 费萨尔 迪米特里 '
I down loaded a Chinese font so yea my name is Dimitri Faizal. Who came here to learn Chinese in 2021?🙃🙃🙃 對我們真簡單 I am under standing clearly thank u It's funny bc I'm a german girl watching an english video about learning chinese😂
Not me learning chinese ( I got inspired of MDZS and Untamed and I just love the pronounciation), korean (I want to understand sone BTS, K-Pop and K-Dramas and because I think it's very cool to speak this language) and lastly japanese (bc of anime 😂) "Ni" is also You in Tamil! Hi Ni Hao, Wo xing Aixa! Or Wo jiao Ms.Aixa. Me who has learnt Chinese since 3 years old and use it as my second language:
InTEreStING I watch a lot of Chinese/Korean dramas and i want to make a goal to learn both BECAUSE OF KEEP RUNNING, IM DESPERATE TO LEARN CHINESE SINCE ONE OF THE SEASONS DONT HAVE SUBS AND I RLLY WANNA WATCH IT LOL My last name is waqas 
My first name is Duaa Ni hao 
   Wo xing G
    Wo jiao Shiva Wô Zîñg G Wo jiao Siva G I am 湿 婆 I supply gas to a chinese  construction company.. I wanna surprise then with pure chinese haha i study chinese for scholarship yes 我的名字叫赖廷亭 How the "sarayu" (name) can be translated into the chinese name It's so good and I like it very much my.   last.  name.   is.  ail I’m learning Chinese because I’m so interested in Chinese culture, it’s really beautiful. shout out to all my Chinese brothers and sisters!! ❤️❤️-from ya black sista 😉 Ni hao So far I've learned 
我叫小丽
我不是中国人
我是尼日利亚人
认识你很高兴 hi Me learning Chinese to defeat EGGman and assist Neckman.....Piao Piao This is in memory of you king, rest in peace king. I will be the one to level up now. The last name goes first 
And the first name goes last. Amazing 👍 Do you think children would be able to learn from these videos, or are they really more aimed at adult learners? im trying to learn chinese because of the VAs in genshin lmfao. They're rlly good AT SINGING DARN ITTTT Can u tell me what does 'Hao Li' means in English i was crying then i suddenly wanted to know chinese so i’m here at 1 am wo jiao Labonnaya wo xing labonnaya Not me clicking on this video even though I’m chinese and know how to speak chinese- Learning Chinese "Just in case". It's really hard to write :)) Hi my name is nuzhat aara Is Chinese and Mandarin Chinese same?
Which one should i learn if i am willing to? Ni hao 
Wo xing Myle
Wo jiao Geehan 
Its that correct? Learning Chinese is one of my biggest aim cause I love the language and I just started this month. But the pronunciation is something else . What does 拜等 mean? Would it be pronounced Biden? Does it mean " to bow 100"? I’m having so much trouble pronouncing the word Xing my name is alaniz damian Ni hao wo jiao park jimin 你好我叫Arturo我爱冰淇淋 My last name is Chung, but I don't know what chinese native people call it as I am Chinese but is not living in China, my grandma use to. American children learn it now, because you will surely need it! Remember Orange man bad was actually good and could have prevented Chinas take over. Its kinda hard cause my full name is Kezia Sophi Adventa Ratta and its hard to say my full name like wo jiao kezia Sophi Adventa Ratta Grant Sheldon Can we convert our foreign names in chinese? Is there any possibility? i'm confuse is this chinese hong kong or taiwanese?? Bhalave Shivani Learning Mandarin to communicate better with my other half I went to a chinese school on elementary but I didn’t concentrate very much so i want to learn mandarin again Today I'm here because to watch chinese dramas and to understand their language 😂😂. I don't wanna read subtitles while watching drama 😂😂 Hi guys, i want try to learn mandarin. But i afraid that i dont have so much passion to do that so who want to learn and practice together with me so we can improve our skills in this language I thought it was ä
Sn i actually just gave up on this at 3 minutes I'm Chinese but can only has hello so I'm learning. After whatching love02,my girl and scate into love... learning Chinese 😅😅 谢谢
(I think that’s how you say thank you in Chinese-) Wo jiao rungrihang rai. How could be Jackie Chan  cheng long I can't even pronounce it with English. I become surprised to know our real name is different in chinese pronunciation 🙄 Me learning Chinese because , one day i will go to China and make a Girlfriend there 😊✌️ I love Chinese I love chinest I want to learn more! Thank you. Wo jiao Wo cheung ❣Knee  how
❣kneehav The languages and cultures of China, Korea and Japan are sooo good my I don't know why our parents/grandparents hates them Will u tell me my name in Chinese if my name is Neha.
I really like your video and your voice. You are very good teacher We can all master the language except the spelling :( I have lived in china for my whole life and I'm certainly going to improve my Chinese with this 80% learn chinese because of cdrama
29% is because of their purpose
1% is because to shine off infront of their friends at school 😅😅 Here after watching "Well-intended Love," a Chinese drama on Netflix 🤣Awal's Full English Course - https://bit.ly/3fnhq4B Thank you sir this is video you are a great sir tum bahuti acha padate ho . I like this video 🙂 and I understand very well sir thank you 😊 Thank u so much sir 👍👌👌👌👌 Love u Sir Why you used 'an' with MBBS? 
Finally I got an MBBS degree
Plz ans🙏 Apka explain bohot atcha lgta he or mje vi ate he or sikhne me ezy lgta he🙏 Actually you are a great Awal ji
You're great. I have been watching your all videos which are look me very clearly and I can understand. Besides your way of teaching is very simple and transparent. Thanks sir for teaching new words. Hallo Awal English thanku sir Sir send me mobile number plz Hi awal sir I Recentaly see your vedioes and relly  liked it very much i learn all the words carefully ....................😊 U r great sir 🙏 Awal sir..your examples  are so practical & perfect what  attract me more ..great job..keep moving...thanks This is my favourite channel. I especially like it when you explain everything so nicely. I wish you a lot of success with the channel and happy life. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ You are a perfect english teacher I live in Dahisar I am from India Hi my name is priyank Good Hii Sir reading kaise kare Sir we have to become 'Awal' like you in English😅😅😅 Sir please send your contact no V nice  way of teaching Thank you so much sir 🤗🤗👌👌 Awal sir, you always creative and generous, I Salut you. I like ur teaching style very much ❤️ Thank you Awal Sir Thank you sir You are the awesome Mr.awal Nice English Sir what is respective? I have doubt plz answer me Sir your all video is a very helpfully.
But kya sentence ko rat ke ya yad karke english bolna possible hai.
Please reply... Tnx sir ❤️ thanks Very interesting video Good Excellent Sir 👌 thank you  sar Super duper Sir ❤️❤️❤️🤗🤗🤗 Hii Sir no body stop us to spoke in english because awal sir came to teach us very well i wish u that u teach me in front of me i want to this great person one one day i will meet you when i became a big officer by your knowledge thank u awal sir for teach us in that way The video is love + ly Thanku very much sir 👌👌👌👌 Best of luck 🇨🇮🇨🇮🇨🇮🇨🇮🏅😄😄🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🍲🥘🍳🍕🧀🍔🍱🥘 Best of luck Thanks Hii I can learn English very easily to join your channel sir Thank you sir 🙏🙏. Than u sir Thanks you so much sir.. You are excellent teacher hi awal sir Nice,,,,,,,,👌👌👌👌👌👌 Superb Antonyms  Kase yada kara vo bhi composition level ki antonyms I don't have words to say thank you 🙏👌🌷 Sir underline likhi hoti hai vo continue rakhe jab Tak secone line na aaye Really sir ,your teaching way is very nice thanks sir for teaching new words.
I love you sir jii..
you are The best teacher in the world..
I our school and Collage teacher like you... Which video of u that idont see thank u Thanks Thanks Thank you sir Thanks for teaching sir I normally like homemade food. Normally I eat very less It's normal to fell tired and hen you work so hard . It's normal to have a headache,so don't worry. Why are you talking so rudley. We shouldn't talk to anyone rudely. You behaviour is very rude. He is rude person. The car turned sharply at the crossing The public sharply criticised the new law. He has a sharp memory This is a sharp knife This is a girly hairstyle Pink is a girly colour, but it suit everyone. That girl is so tall Sia is a intelligence girl. Train was late, but I waited for it painentely. Do you work patiently so that you don't make a mistake. We have to be patient with kids. Be patient. He has a ghostly face. This house looks ghostly. I'm not scared of ghosts. Is there anything such as ghost. I have recently met him. I recently got to know about his accident. I recently got to know about his accident.This video is superb 1.Very tired
2.Very sure
3.Very worried
4.Very perfect
5.Very important Grt teaching method Thanks sir Thanks sir 😊 I want more videos like this plzz Tired
Bad
Tasty
Eager
Quiet
Fast
Expensive
Small
Dry
Noisy
Hungry
Sure
Stupid
Angry
Cold
Worried
Rich
Often
Fat
Perfect
Intelligent
Easy
Skinny
Good
Old
Creative
Deep
Excited
Difficult
Careful
Crowded
Fierce
Lively
Afraid
Boring
Confused
Detailed
Dirty
High
Important
Funny
Roomy
Beautiful
Poor
Pretty
Write the  respective extreme adjectives in the comment box. Really nice video Tired= exhausted ,bad=awful, tasty= delicious ,eager= keen , quiet= silent, fast= quick , expensive= costly,  hungry= starving, intelligent=brilliant deep= profound , important= crucial , poor = destitute , fierce= ferocious , afraid= fearful, angry = furious , creative= innovative , fat=obese , skinny = skeletal , dirty= filthy , noisy= deafening , careful = cautious , crowed= bustling, lively= vivacious , difficult= arduous, worried= anxious , old=ancient pretty= beautiful=exquisite, small= tiny ,excited = thrilled , funny = hillarious , high= soaring, roomy= spacious surè= certain , perfect= flowless, easily = effortlessly , love = adore, dry= parched Thanks sir for this vedio Yes You're such a great 👏😊 1-very tired
2-very sure
3-very worried
4-very perfect
5-very important Very good video Very  funny Punjabi😂 Very nice Amazing sir Awal sir has profound knowledge of English😊👌👍
Sir "kaash" ko english me kya kahegay Tysm sir for teaching us💓 i wrote this too Sir keep making these type of videos it helps alot thanks sir Sir you're best English teacher.........  I am see your videos few day ............ so I thik, I know most new English words ..........and I am telling English short sentences.........every one asking me where are you going English tuition your English is too good ...... thx sir for making video ..... your teaching track is amazing......... I am follow your rule ........ I wish , I am speaking fluent English in  1 months U r amazing teacher, sir. Sir I adore your video Sir sari word likhli copy may। Sir 1000 word ki ak video do please Awesome video sir. U r really good teacher. I like u r teaching style. Sir The people looks tiny from top the building 
Is Right? U have a profound knowledge of English language Very good teacher 👏 Ur teaching style is amazing fabulous superb 🙏 thank you so much..awal sir🙏 Good Thanks🙏 sir Nice video hai sir ji You r a good teacher sir thank you 0:05😂😂😂 Bhut khoob Osm video sir ji Sir I proud of you I adore awal sir teaching 🤗 Thanks sir aap aise hi video banate rahe hum sab ko bahut madat milti hai Awal sir, you are great and generous  I Salut you, Allah bless you & as like as you person 😊☺😀🙏 Dislike kiyo kr rhe ho... Aagar Etna hi knowledge h to.. Aawal sir se mukabla Karo... Sir  dislike pe Dyan Mt do.. Don't pe attention on dislike I adore Awal sir Sir please explain the defination of welcomes and welcome you are a good Youtuber. Hahahahaha kya acting kiye ho bhai😂😂 Fantastic sir, you are Fabulous teacher ❤️ Excellent Sir 👌 HONA HAI SAFAL TO FOLLOW MY FAVOURITE TEACHER AWAL SIR KO KARIYE AUR UNKA ENGLISH SPEAKING COURSE JOIN KARIYE BHUT JAYADA AWESOME HAI❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏 Sir U ARE GREAT TEACHER ❤️❤️❤️ 😊 Exhausted   thaake hu na 
Certain  Pura Yaqin hu na
Anxious  Fikarmnd 
Flowless koi bhi kami na hu na 
Cruial  bhut ahem Exhausted-Very tired
 Awful- very tired 
Certain-very sure
Delicious- very tasty 
Silent- very quiet Excellent....... U r a good teacher.. Love u I watch only this channel because this channel is useful to clear our english चड्डा समझाओ Yad hai words 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 Sir aap kay urdu alfaz be mutasir kartey hoo Very beautiful gorgeous Awal you are really awwal(number one). Hamare class ka aman bahut bolta hai🤣🤣 Sir what is your application name Very tired-exhausted
very bad-awful
very tasty-delicious
very eager-keen
very quiet-silent
very fast-quick
very expensive-costly
very small-tiny
very dry-parched
very noisy-deafning
very hungry-starving
very sure-certain
very stupid-idiotic
very angry-furious
very cold-freezing/chilled
very worried-anxious
very rich-wealthy
very often-frequently
very fat-obese
very perfect-flawless
very intelligent-brilliant
very easily-effortlessly
very skinny-skeletal
very good-superb
very old-ancient
very creative-innovative
very deep-profound
very excited-thrilled
very difficult-arduous
very careful-cautious
very crowded-bustling
very fierce-ferocious
very lively-vivacious
very afraid-fearful
very boaring-dull
very confused-perplexed
very detailed-meticulous
very dirty-filthy
very high-soaring
very important-crucial
very funny-hilarious
very roomy-spacious
very poor-destitute
very pretty-beautiful-exquisite

What I learnt from this video😇 Thank you soooooo much sir 😘😘😘😘 Sir Apne Vidios mai Kisi bhi Mule ka Exampl Mur do Baki Aoki Vidio Awsuam hai. You are excellent teacher You’ know what sir ‘ I always learn something from you! You’re arr superb sir सर अपना व्हाट्सएप नंबर दे  दो
सर मेरे को भी ट्यूशन  पढ़ना है आप से The way you teach will none of experienced expert can not teach ur teaching way is very nice that anyone can understand I learnt a lot from you Literally great bro You are flawless sir Please  make videos on tense Your way of teaching is very good U r superb sir 😀🥞🧀🍕🌭🎂🏩 U r great sir thank u so much for making this types videos Sir u r the best.... I tried tooo many tricks to learn English for become a  good speaker but... No trick works... But I hope... Now learning by u.. Vl increase my confidence to speak English... Thank you soooo much sir... For gud spoken  how can I attend Hello sir mujhe apki class karni hai hii Be HAPPY 🇮🇳 🌞😕🌚🌚🙄🤒😿🌝🤩☺️😊😚😍😉😉😛😋😛😌😜😜😤😛🤬😳😯😯🙄🥺😕😠🤬☹️😰🤯🤯☹️☹️🤪🤠🤠👽😼😼😼👹☠️🤥🤡🤡🥶🤓🧡😸🤡🤡💚💙🤎♥️♥️💘♥️🤍🖤🖤💓💋💋🔥🔥💓💞💌💟⚡✨⭐⭐👤👤🗣️🗣️👁️🦾👀💀🦴🦠🧠👅👃👂👂🦶🦵👌👋🤚✋👏🦶🤲👆💅🖕🤳✍️✍️✍️🤷💁🙋💇💇🙅🛀🤦🙍🙍👩‍🦯🤸🏃 😎 Thank you sir Sir your. Vedio is very Brilliant..♥♥ The way ur teaching is very interesting Thank You Sir Understanding style is superb Awal sir aap aapke naam ke jaise awal ho sir 90 words video dekte yaad hogye kash aap jaisa koi teacher muje school me mil jata hai me english me weak nahi hota Mean tired sure worried perfect important All ( very) words were new to me😌😃 Hey sir am simran Mujhe english me paresani hote h U r just amazing sir. No words to thank uThank you sir part bata yestai sikaudai lanuss na Dai make it video about vocabulary Dai make it video about vocabulary thank you waw its one video such a amazing sir
Thank you..
so helpful. Thank you so much good sir Thanku 😷😷😷 thanks  sir learn  speak  english Thanks  English learn  speak Make. Anot. Part Make another part Computer subject ko pani jankari garidenu hola hai sar .and this is like a video.sar.thanku . 25:8 0:5 1:00 To 55:07 Ramroo meaning bujhnako lagi k garnu parxa sir Thanks Umm dada malaii ni English padana aauxa bollna aaudena ani bugdena Pani yeasko. Baramama. .vane denu paro Thank you so much sir. अति उत्तम नेपालीका लागि। सर ई सबै कुरा हरू तपाई बलेको MP3 मा पाउन सकिन्न सर Nice Sir reply Thanks sir jati pani video lamo hunachh yo na sochanu  sir  sir Hami harulai sikhaunu sir English Thanks for watching video Sir video jati lamba pani hosh tar ek ek words lai bujhaunu ani banaunu video Sir malai English bolane paryash gardixu tar bolan paudain sir malai basic baat English sikhaunu sir 👍aasha chh sir malai sikhaunu Verbs ko barema pani bujhna paya hunthyo sir maileni study gari raheko xu sir all vedio upload garnu 
thank you sir Thank you so much sir 💕💕💕 Thanks  sir thank you sir Thank you sir Hello sar verb ra sentes ko bisayema m lai dherai kura bujnuxa tara kasari bujne m lai ta canfuse hunxa yesarita maile kasari sikne hola plz sar Maile chahi yo Ali xito tipna sakdaina kasari sikne hola Ekdamai helful channel raixa yo tw molai aasadai manparyo hami ley nepaliharu esta ramro vdo heram. thanks brother Sahi lagyo 🙈🙈😘😘😘🥰🥰🥰🥰 Thank u so much sir thank for watching video sir thankyou dai hajour lai Ramro lagyo Thank you sir How to learn future tense with sentence Thank you dai hjr le aafno amulle time diyako ma ra english pani sikaunu bayako ma Sir ma English padhxu padhna auxa pratayek word Pani auxa Tara teslai kasari bujhne ho plz malai asko barema Kai idea dinusna thank you so much.... Ramro xa sir good Nice Dami xa thanks for this video sir "suppose to" or "not suppose to" ko use bare pani vdo banaunu hola sir Thanku very good sir Nice video Thank you so much sir Malai padna aauxa tara tara nepali bhanna aaudaina Malai English boln aaudain tapale malai sikauno huxa
Xa Wow I like it Thanku so  much sar. Thank you so much Very good thank you so much sir Thank you sir 
maile ta pratek 
subject ma suscrip 
gareko chhu  ma sanga 
idia chaina sir Sir please grammar English newspaper ma vayako article Bata bujaunu na please... Haudi . Sir m English sakhna chahnxu Thank you Dherai ramro xa sir Sir verb ko ni banauno paryo कक्षा १२ लागि grammar को भिडियो बनाउनुस । Thank you sir aru yestai vedio lyauno paryo 👍👍 Thank you Hello sir malai sabai english word haru padna sakxu but bujdina Good Plz janakari dinu hola Kasari sekda ramro hola sir malai tw aaudaina bolna ya boleko Bujna sakdina Thanku Sooo much for U make a such nice videos to make santaces. In English we need more ideas for further days for new information thanks a lot sir .. Thank you sir 🤩🤩🤩 Thank you so much Lokendra Rawat Essay pni lekn sikaunu n Wow sarai ramro lageu trick sabai grammar sikaudai janus haii malai english padna bijhna sabai sakxu but lekhna bolna jadin kin hola plz sabai sokaudai janus bujhne kosis gardai xu Wow sarai ramro lageu trick sabai grammar sikaudai janus haii malai english padna bijhna sabai sakxu but lekhna bolna jadin kin hola plz sabai sokaudai janus bujhne kosis gardai xu I'm an English language teacher, but at this crucial period I am almost job less. Anyone who's desirous to learn to speak English, can come up to me. We can hang together to share the knowledge of spoken English. thanks Thank you for giving me your trick and technic sir.. ThankYou So much Sir💟 सर म्यासेज मा नेपाली लेख्दा इङ्लिस आउने app हुन्छ कि नाइ र Thank u sir for teaching us English ko kunai word bujhena bhane pic ma click garer channel ma gai comment garnu hola Thaks you  very much sir aru pani halnu hae Thanks of millions sir for important Latino Thanks. You so much. Sir🙏 Sar  thank youHey Fighters... did you like the books mentioned in the video? Also, you can access all the books by using the below Amazon links...

List of books mentioned in the video: http://bit.ly/TUF_Books
KINDLE that I use: https://amzn.to/317ah0N you are my favorite ❤️ Wow thnks your mitaviction You are my favourite youtuber Ur expression tells more than ur words Mrbeast and PewDiePie Mam what about the Adventures Of Feluda? Its an indian original story series by Satyajit Ray in the mystery genre? Can anyone pls tell? 🙏 Iam searching this type of video for so much thank you for you particpation I couldn't stop myself from subscribing . What a confident level of speaking. Your videos are addictive. Love from Assam❣️ Your expression is also good like your English and your hair is also awesome I really love this video ❤️ Please erase that sketch mark on your forehead... Thanks for this video .it help me Are you sister of Harry poter? Very useful suggestions for a learner, they are easy to follow. And your presentation is also interesting, #TheUrbanFight. Nice content that i had to subscribe. Thank you! I would suggest "Murder mystery of Reporter" by Jaiprakash Jha. It's a wonderful book to read in the mystery detective genre.Unlike normal crime thriller this book doesn't focus on brutality of the crime but it focuses on the mystery. It's written in a language which is easy to understand. I like you n ur talking way my sis.. am also trying to talk fluently.. thank you... Why its 'N'written in your forehead I was trying to search this typ of videos so after so many of day i got this video I am fully motivated to watch this videos I will follow all the steps in the videos This book is very helpfull for me The things which speak it's totally understand by your face expression also..... I have also same habit to moving eyebrows show expressions through face.... First time I found a person like me... 😅😅 Your way of talking I love it I know I m to late to watch this video but no worry i find my ways 👍 The urban fight n helly  are my fav youtuber as of now I hate your creepy smile. and creepy expression too... I wish to your video so amazing to learn all life important things , I like him self and I proud to myself I see all English videos for not boring with your communication that's I like your videos is so awesome My favourite youtuber is you and Anna mucltony ThnkS for the informative  video...👍🙏 I bought a book Murder mystery of repoter by Jaiprakash Jha. It's a wonderful book. I was surprised with the story. I will recommend all of you to read this book. My English in not so good but your encouragement makes me learn more...... May be one day I  can speak English like you...... Thanks 😘😘😘 When you start read Sorry but I was getting distracted from the mark on your forehead. My fav YouTuber is mo vlogs My first English book was “ Pride and prejudice “ Thank for this wonderful video. It helps me a lot App apni book launch kr do Is it me...or she really has Harry Potter scar my favourite youtuber is shubhankar mishra.. U upload all the video end you  put bonus tips  really awesome ❤️🤞 Love from London 😍 Thanks for your recommendation Thanks 😀 You talk like anuskha sharma😀 Keep making videos on this topic,love your confidence 🥰❤👏🤘 May I get pdf of these books ? Can I use pdf of these books I understand and don't too l m in middle U only mam Thanku so much di😊 Should l put down the new words when reading? Akka I'm a very beginner .I'm studying 9th std only .Alchemist Book is suitable for me or not. I are really like your bonus😊 tips Plz make more videos related to English. I read the alchemist few weeks back , and I agree this book is quite easy and simple to read . I didn’t even have to look up the words online. I will soon start reading lord of the rings and I have this notion that this book series might require some substantial amount of time , dedication and commitment 🤪🤪.
Anyway thank you for the video , it’s helpful for beginners like us. My sentence formation has relatively improved after reading 4-5 books already , however the struggle is when you have to strike up a conversation with someone . There is no room for error or correction when you are speaking , unlike writing ! Your Voice is Very Impeccable..😇 Sorry but I have question why Harry Potter's N mark on ur head... BONUS TIP💗💗💗 akka, what an impeccable voice u have!!
I'm watching your videos since corona started,
I'm addicted to your amazing voice and nice English and watching ur videos repeatedly and repeatedly and .......
by just watching ur videos I'm able to speak English now..............
u = my inspiration I used to study goose bumps in my school library before lockdown Hiiii mam ur my fav. Utuber i really like ur videos 🤣 @Aleena rais live i thaught that reading a book is more better then scrolling your phone and wasting your time in non beneficial things...💙 Ur videos are impeccable I feel she has started reading Harry porter books as she the lightning scar on her hear lol 🙄🤣 YouTube channel- Fit Tuber Ya I like this vedio way of ur talking is so nice . recently I started  to learn the English this vedio is very helpful to learn English Your smile and attitude 👌👌👌 Caryminati Can you please Suggest me a book to learn spoken hindi(completely) through english or tamil..and I'm a beginner I was just waiting to hear Harry Potter after watching ur scar head on the thumbnail 😂 I realy needs this vedio voldemort is jealous of your english. Can u suggest any app which will help to improve English....any free application? The Harry Potter scar on her head. Your way of speaking is so interesting.English is difficult for me.but,your videos are really helped me to learn english Your man Love u lot of tq and  I'm become. a journalist interviews i need to learn communication skill so please suggest me social responsibility books include media role as like same biginar english books @waiting reply Thanks Potter heads are u there ??? Hi , I love u the way of speaking Varun thakur Who love urban??.....Comment below..... 5:28    you are only my favorite youtube....Lots of love.... My fav YouTuber is rimorav vlogs 😁 Books Used simple English means are more outmost outstandingly simple are there??????info me. Any books for my da.sheis 9 years old.pls suggest anything I can subscribe by post Apke mathe pr yeh n Kay h Needed This Aapke Forehead par ye black Sign kya hai Madam,your every words are simple and powerfull😍 😍 Why you mark in your for hard in a marker..🤣 Thank you my sister Potter had a scare on the left of his forehead in movies But marked on your right. 
"HARRY TOOK UP HIS FRINGE AND SHOWN THE LIGHTNING SCARE" I love your bonus point thanks mam Beerbiceps/Ranveer alahabadiya Rip airpod userGot a question on the topic? Please share it in the comment section below and our experts will answer it for you. For Java Training Curriculum, Visit our Website: http://bit.ly/32Ymvde Use Code "𝐘𝐎𝐔𝐓𝐔𝐁𝐄𝟐𝟎" to get Flat 20% Off on this training. This video covers the following topics:
@ Agenda
@ - Introduction to Java
      @ -      What is Java?
      @ -      Java Features
      @ -    Where is Java Used?
@ - Java Enviromental SetUp
       @ -    Java JDK Download & Installation
       @ -    Setting Enviromental variables
       @ -    Eclipse Setup
@ - Java Internals
       @ - Java Virtual Machine
       @ - Java Run Time Environment
       @ - Java Development Kit
       @ - JDK, JRE & JVM        
@ - Java Working
       @ - First Java Program
@ - Modifiers in Java
     @ - Access Control Modifiers
     @ - Non Access Modifiers
 @ - Variables in Java
      @ - Types of Variables
@ - Data types in Java
    @ - Primitive Data types
    @ - Non Primitive Data types
    @ - Demo - Variables and Data Types
    @ - Data type Conversions
    @ - Implicit Conversions
    @ - Explicit Conversions
@ - Operators
     @ - Operators Types and Examples
@ - Control Statements in Java
    @ - Selection Statements 
     @ - Iteration Statements
     @ - Jump Statements
@ - Methods in Java
      @ - Methods Syntax
      @ - What is a return Statement
      @ - Program to add 2 numbers using a Method   
      @ - Method Execution
      @ - Method Overloading
@ - Arrays in Java
    @ - Arraay Declaration
    @ - Types of Arrays
    @ - Memory Allocation in Arrays
    @  - Demo - Arrays
@  - Strings
    @ - Immutability of Strings
    @ - String Pool
     @ - Memory Allocation
     @ - String Operations - Demo
     @ - StringBuffer
     @ - StringBuilder
2:52:45: Classes and Objects
@ - Java Naming Conventions
@ - Types of variables
@ - Constructor
     @ - Difference between Constructor and Method
     @ - How Does Constructor work
     @ - Types of Constructor
@ - Java Static Keyword
      @ - Demo - Java Static Keyword
@ - Java this keyword
    3:26:29: Demo - Java this keyword
@ - Object-Oriented Programming Concepts
   @ - Inheritance
   @ - Polymorphism
   @ - Java super keyword
   @ - Java final keyword
   @ - Dynamic Binding
   @ - Abstraction
   @ - Abstract Class and Method
   @ - Encapsulation
    @ - Advantages of Encapsulation
@ - Interface
  @ - Difference between Interface and Class
  @ - Difference between Class and Abstract Class
  @ - Difference between Abstract Class and Interfaces
   @ - Class-Interface relationship
   @ - Demo - Interface
   @ - Rules for using private methods in interfaces
   @ - Demo - A class Extending one class and implementing more than one interface
   @ - Interface Features for Different JDK 
@ - What is a Package?
   @ - Package Naming Conventions
   @ - Java Pre-defined Packages
@ - Access Modifiers
           @ - Public
           @ - Protected
           @ - Private
           @ - Protected
@ - Demo - Access package from another package
@ - Regular Expression 
@ - Exception 
            @ - Types of Exception
@ - Exception handling
@ - XML using DOM, SAX, and StAX parser 
in Java 
            @ - Introduction to XML
            @ - Demo - To Read From and Write To a File
            @ - Reading and Writing File Objects
            @ - Demo - XML File
            @ - XML File Tree Structure
@ - Serialization in Java
            @ - Demo - Serialization in Java
            @ - Demo - Deserialization in Java
@ - Wrapper Classes
          @ - Demo on Wrapper Class
@ - Generics in Java
And more. Hey thanks a lot edureka; your team is always helpful. Any one making notes from this  video kindly send me please  I watched full video just need notes Thanks a lot to the instructor and also the edureka team for bringing in such a wonderful content with precise explanation and creative graphics. It's just amazing!!!!!! I have no words to Express ur hardworking , keep it up 😁 Thanks for the video edureka!❤️ Plz give this ppt link plz Love edureka Could you please provide the ppt for this course so that it will be more helpful. Thanks a lot Good one...go for it.
Simple and easy explanation Literally the best java complete beginner course available on the youtube ! it is really a good tutorial for beginner as well as experienced. A big shout out to Edureka. I find this so helpful to me. Thanks for your service. Thanks♥♥ thankyou edureka Hey edureka! Can you give the slide share or the pdf you used in this video? Thanks a lot Edureka.. It's helping me a lot ❤️❤️.. If possible please upload/send the Pdfs of all those slides used in the video.. So that it will become easy to revise. Thank you @Edureka How to get slides of training? can you provide download link I learnt more from this than my university. hi edureka. your video is very helpful for me for quick recap of java. and learning few new concepts also. thank you very much. keep doing more videos on j2ee concepts like servlets, spring, struts etc Thank you Team edureka for this amazing course. I have checked out other channels like freecodecamp, smiplilearn and some the other videos but you guys have been the one whom I trust the most. I have been studying from your website for some months now and I hope to crack some interviews with the knowledge you shared. Thank you for providing the video with no ads. ❤️ Hats off to you guys please don't stop doing this you are literally uplifting the people who can't even afford for a basic course in programming you are helping the poor to avail great opportunities thank you ❤️❤️❤️ In one word, Excellent ☺️ This course is awesome.. and I'm not even a beginner .. I'm a fresher java developer.. despite I could learn many things useful and new from your awesome lecture .. I really appreciate this whole content is free .. no need to waste our money on some paid course .. edureka is giving something valuable for free .. thank you so much and I have completed just 1 hour still thought of saying this . ❤️😉 Can i have the presentation video of java for notes hi, just want to correct one thing that default constructor will be provided by COMPLIER not JVM. Thank you the wonderful tutorial ! Can we clear interview after learning this?? I want this video in telugu I have seen the whole lecture and come to conclusion that
Basically ,JAVA is nothing but a simple programming language Finally i got an idea abot java....'it is nothing"🤣

Jzt joke....

Thank you very much edureka Nice explanation with easy everyone has easily understood programming language can i get ppt for revision. mam are giving class 11 and 12 courses also in this video Can u send that pdf note of java that u had taught on this. ....kindly send the link java is platform independent bcoz it converts source code into byte code 
before execution of a programme, this byte code can now run on any operating system like UNIX,Macintosh,etc..... Thank you so much sir you are legend Please make it in Hindi ... This video is nothing but it's the best Java totorial in youtube. Excellent Explanaition !Loved the way you teach us,Hats off to the team! this video is nothing but java Thank you for the lecture This video gave me good understanding of JAVA concepts, thank you! Thnq Really you are doing a great job Is it easy for beginners to understand the concepts. If this combination of all other 113 videos? If yes you guys are great, cause you're also giving education without ads Just give 1 like for no reason 👍 This will take like a Week of doing 2hrs a day for me.  Which becames 3hrs a day because of pausing Thank u sir for teaching Great  stuff.where can  i  find  lot of  core  java  questions to  practice This video is nothing but a very good tutorial for Java. Best java course ever. 11/10 I'm going to watch.. 
How much it will be helpful... as compare to others video like "java by saurabh shukla " the way Constructor was little hard to understand because everything mixed up in it till now everything else was fine. i learnt it 4 months ago and due to having not touching it in my previous semester, i totally forgotten everything and this new semester i needed java for testing and design, and here am i again watching a 10 hours java video to learn again.......


Seriously my memories............

I really like this channel for providing free full precious education, it helps lots of people. When i graduated and have stable income i definitely  will donate my appreciation to this channel I have no words to say thankew ❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏 Finally got something worthy.
Thanks edureka Plz can provide ppts of this Excellent content ❤️❤️❤️❤️ this is the best FREE java training course out there im so grateful for this video thx man!!! Can you please let me know the order to learn and start to be a full stack java developer Will it be sufficient to ?
For java Learning or more we need learn@edureka 10 hours of beginner.🤯 Nice bro This video will be useful for those, who knows full Java already and to recall it. Hi,actually this is the best course for beginner level.Its really really helpful.I would like to know is there any advanced level of java programming that would be helpful for developers.If any please let us know.Thank you. This channel helps me a lot. Thank you Edureka for giving us free tutorial. May God will bless you more and more! Happy new year! Guys, I Am A Newbie In Programming... I Don't Know Any Languages... (Including This).... Will This Video Help Me....? Beautifully explained. I love the explaination Thank you for this tutorial Nice Nice only one thing i can say to edureka that i will pray for your big big big success. "INSHA ALLAH " This is pure gold! Thank you so much @edureka Can you please provide  ppt of the course? THANK YOU SO MUCH I want to appreciate a 10 hours course without even one ad. I love the way you say "nothing but," it makes our minds think that the thing is simple.

And prepares our mind to take it in because it knows that it's simple.

Really helpful. can you make a tutorial on using java and python together, like the gui with java and the back-end with python thanks a lot sir.❤❤❤ nice tutorial thank you sir For the guy who can complete the whole 10 hours...
You are a LEGEND 🙂 I do really appreciate your effort and time! Helping me a lot! Thank you ♥️ Finally after year i finally found a channel where i can learn most of languages for free from starting to advance best content i have ever seen 47:20 Thanks sis Thank you edureka for this java session.thank you very much 9:49 Thank you from the bottom of my heart ❤you are giving this for free,you doing the great work so many course i learn from you thank you thank you so much mam @edureka💯 Tahnk you very much,  amazing! Thank you 1:03:30 you mentioned training course in your bio,so what's the difference in your edureka java training and the 10hrs free uploaded video? This helped me allot .Thank you so much for this Java Tutorial .You guys are doing a great Job 🏁 Thank you for all your efforts And hardwork. It's vry intresting and nice class.... I liked it x1.5 suits better for your own liking. Great video though.Assalamu alaikum Sir vry helpfull video nd my first dy in this clas thnk u soo much sif i proud of u sir Bhut he khoob 👍👍👍👍👍 👍 THANK U SIR 🙇🙇😇😇 Sar Koch bhi samajh me nahi aarahi I love this vidos sar Allah aap ko or jiyada taraqqi de Sir, you are my best teacher Sir as a result Nice 😍😍😍😍😍 thankssssss sir! Mashaallah Ameen MashaAllah
Good Style to Teach English اسلام علیکم ورحمتہ اللہ وبرکاتہ استاد محترم Thanks sir ماشاءاللہ بہت خوب اللّٰہ تعالیٰ جنت الفردوس نصیب کرے آمین Aap bohot achchi tarhan sikhate hai
Agar koi ye dekh kar bhi nahi sikh saka to woh duniya me kisi se bhi nahi sikh sakta Assalamu Alaikum sir Shukriya Mere KO deli English sikhna he aap mere KO Roz sikhao he sir I am new here Allah bless u مجھے اپ جسے استاد کى هى تلاش تھى الله اپ کو سلامت رکھے. Great sir👌👌👌 Sr main apka kaisy shukr ada kroon Thanks sir❤️ Your method of teaching is very good  . Thank you ☺☺ Super Thanks Sir mujy apse yeh pochna tha ke English ke words kesy bholy Jay kuch taf words jo he parhny mae mushkil hoti he Merii app se pehly be baat ho cuki he How are you sir
I'm ayesha from gujranwala A. O. A Thanks sir Mashallah baya MAA shaa Allah g very nice 👍 Thanks sir g, sir please apna har aik class agar mujhy WhatsApp kia kary please, arshad from kpk Pakistan 03339695980 ✌✌✌✌✌✌✌✌ If you love me then let me know what you know , teach me what you know ❤️ Sir kaya aap waqi sab steps sekhagen ge agar ha to dosri class kb tak aye gi His Accent  👍🏻👍🏻 Mashaallah Slam sir mein new ho clas mein mujhy bhot shoq hy English sekny ka plzz help me V good sr boht achi class he God bless you Thankyou مجھے ایسی کلاس کی بہت ضرورت تھی السلام علیکم  میں آپ کا بہت شکر گزار ہوں آپ نے میری مشکل آسان کردی 𝓜𝓪𝓼𝓱𝓪 𝓪𝓵𝓵𝓪𝓱 💖 Mashaallah 👍👍 Mujhe bhi sikhni hai full English plzzz mujhe bilkul bhi nahi aati hai na bolna na likhna mujhe bhi sikha den Thanks Good method Nice Allah bless you V.nice Bahot.achcha Sir mai ap k channel pr new hn mjy bht shoq hai English sikhnay ka ap dua kijiay ga k mai kamyab hn jaon ap ki madad sai ap bht achay and easy tariqay sai samjatay hai thanyou Allah pak apk0 hamesha kus rkhe ameeeeen Sar ap ka nam kya he Thanx bro Good luck Salam sir Thanks sir Please urdu and English ma kara Assalaam u alikm sir mainy pochna tha k ap ny aik sentence bataya k ap filmain daikhty hain is ka sentence bana you watch movies sir ham ny is main are kun ni likha kun k wo hain ko zahir karta hy sir ap mjy agar yai bata dain Send you contact number I am new student start class now one     think you so mach sir asamoalikum sir  ap  konsy  country sy parha raha hai  keya hamy apka contact namber mil sakta hai please sir Allah Pak Apko Hamesha Khush Rakhe❤️ Thank you sir allah umar mein barkat ata farmaye Jazakallah sir sikhane k liye Mashaallah❤❤❤ bahut acha bataya bhai ने यार 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🤲🏼🤲🏼😭🇮🇳🇮🇳🤲🏼🇵🇰 Assalamualaikum aaj mare first day hai sir maine sab note book ma lik li or ma ache se yaad karungi phir next step pe jaongi mare bachpan se shok raha phardne ka but baba k oppreation k baad pard na saki toh bas tuition jaati thi waha sirf 3 tak pard saki apke waha se bht kuch mila seekne k liye thank u soo much sir ma dil laga k padungi inshallah Sir ap k total kitny leacture hain ?? MashAllah thank you so much 🤗 Jazakallha 💓 Allah ap ko bahetreen badla de is class k liye very nice einglish Asslsmualekum  sir istrha ke english ke learning Vidio  bhejiye Super star super 👏👏👏 Thank you sir mashallah that's good class Nice. Nice sir Sir ap apne WhatsApp number send kro Ham English ko kaise padhe 🤣😂 https://youtu.be/0NmlirD6xek You are very good teacher Thank you Thank u sir 😘😘 thanks sir love you Good Sir Good sir from Bahrain 🇧🇭 Thank you ☺️ sir for your help may you live long god bless you sir 🤗 Aap bahut acchi English sikhate Hain aalapur Khush rakhe reply to me sir Assalamualaikum sir  l am also new l really like your class proud of    sir 👍👍 jazak Allahu khairan kaseerah .yay yay yea !!! Thank You sir for these new English  vedio Yea 🙌 🙌🙌 Thank u so much sir 👍👌 Nice Yes your videos nice sir Hello sir new student Shoo : dara kr bhaga dena 
Whoa : ruko ruko 
Shush : chup kra dena 
Yea or ney : haan ya na
Duh : mein bhi na Yea 👍🏻👍🏻 YEA I like your video 👍😀 Aur kuchh bhi Excellent 👌 Good 😇🙂😆😊😍🥰 Hello Sabbirkhan Nay this video is yea❤️ Good word Thanks sar 🙂🙂 Yeaaa Thank you❤🌹🙏 SO SO SO SO SO much sir I love your voice and video👌👌 1. SHOO
2. WHOA
3.DUH
4.SHUSH
5. YEA , NAY
Awal sir ,  Thank you very much ♥️♥️♥️♥️ Ur  video is yea.  thanks sir 👍👍 Yea 👍 Yes u r great sir 👍yea. Superb sir as always😊 Who😘😘🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡 Yea Thank you sir for teach modern English sameer Saying nae is impossible 👍👍👍👌 Your video is yeh.
Love you bro .
Every video is encouraging me to learn English very well and I had a confident to do. Means your video is make my confidence level up.

If there is a grammatical errors so pls correct it. Thank you Numbers plz sir Thanks sir sir you are amazing you style is too different and i like very much. ohhh yay | Thanks for your time Duh को the कायो कहायथा Thanks you sir for giving this non_bookish lesson Hisir Good very good. Keep it up. YEA Yea 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀 Very nice sir you are world best teacher Ansh  Patel Excellent video, My name  gurpreet B Yai Is there any course from you for the preparation of ielts yey Yea it's good video Thanks sir Awal sir, I'm I'm YEA, you are Best and always loving & incredible Teacher 💖❤ thank you so much , your teaching style is mind-blowing Use of duh, always makes me confuse bt u helped me a lot Yae Yeh Sir your teaching is very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very good Yea Yea Yey Yea Wow thank you sir 🙏🙏 Chal the flyies Shoo what is shoo Good evening Va va vavavas sir 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😊😊😊😊😊😊😍😍😍😍 Yea for this video Super Yea Yeh Yea  sir Yey Thanks so much Yea Yea..... Nice video 😘😘 Yea 👍 nice Yea You are sooo cute.
Presentation is awesome. Yea Yea 😀 Yea Yea Whoa whoa whoa...😂😂 Yea Very nice video Thanks sir Where are your house Op Yea Really appreciate the way you explain, great work YEA 👍     amazing videos.. and you  teach  English perfectly...   Preety...   ❤️🥰 👌👌 HONA HAI SAFAL TO FOLLOW MY FAVOURITE TEACHER AWAL SIR ❤️ Yea Yea I like itHey there, I hope you enjoyed this lesson. Let me know if you have any questions. Also check out:
➜ 1 Simple Trick to *Become FLUENT* in English: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0qT4cK-wtk&list=PLmwr9polMHwsI6vWZkm3W_VE7cWtYVjix
➜ *50* Words You are *Pronouncing WRONG:* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdtUjWb0O9w&list=PLmwr9polMHwtOrZVwGuiN8xLup5elPE6f
➜ *Most Common MISTAKES* in English & How to Avoid Them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Dax90QyXgI&list=PLmwr9polMHwsR35rD9spEhjFUFa7QblF9
➜ *POWER Writing* - Write ANYTHING in English Easily (Essays, Emails, Letters Etc.): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT_D68RJ5T8&list=PLmwr9polMHwtPulG3q4SrSNIZzlJl2gXf
➜ Learn *TELEPHONE English* - 100 Sentences You Can Use on the Phone: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkppeSjRj0E&list=PLmwr9polMHwsI6vWZkm3W_VE7cWtYVjix
➜ Speak English FLUENTLY like a *NATIVE SPEAKER* with *just 10 words:* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KU2eobDMqs&list=PLmwr9polMHwsI6vWZkm3W_VE7cWtYVjix
➜ All *GRAMMAR* lessons: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmwr9polMHwsR35rD9spEhjFUFa7QblF9
➜ All *MODAL VERBS* Lessons (Could, Would, Should, May, Might, Must etc.): https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmwr9polMHwvGTssgSU9KWEm2T4WiWaTj
➜ All *PARTS OF SPEECH* lessons: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmwr9polMHwsQmAjoAxtFvwk_PaqQeS68
➜ All *ARTICLES* (a, an, the) lessons: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmwr9polMHwsbkqz6kU5e6MgpvaYrpKfX
➜ All *PRONUNCIATION* lessons: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmwr9polMHwtOrZVwGuiN8xLup5elPE6f
➜ All *TENSES* lessons: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmwr9polMHwsRNZW607CtVZhg_SzsbiJw Really really helpful sir. I have just found your video, and it's no doubt exceptional,hats off to you Sir please make a video on 
Seem to be , Seem to have 
Believed to be , Believed to have 
How we can use this structure in past you talk about pizza alot i think you love it yummy💙 I've learnt a lot from you sir and still learning from you. I have attended the institution as well but they hide and don't teach with open heart as you teach. You reveal and show the true quality of a teacher. Kudos to your work sir... My English level has increased and now I feel much confidence because of you. 
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 I am a teacher in USA. I came here in my 45+ as a math teacher, I was very studious student but I was from Hindi medium, since I was a pro in Math, I got a teaching job here and I servived because I could understand and speak, but it wasn't fluent like native people. I lacked in speaking fluent English. It was my dream. So sir, I promise you that within 6 months I will be a pro in spoken English too, thanks to you :) Sir please come back, we are badly missing you🙏 I always wants to  comment for your videos , but I didn't, because of my sentence formation in English is not good at all   . But today after seeing this video. I felt like today it is time to do comment . Very useful video for me thank you so much sir You are a very good proffesor. I am been impressed about the clear explanations of you basic grammar videos: clear and to the point. I gave up trying to learn it for years but its absolutely necessary, since it was not clearly explained to me.It helps a lot
whith my  mistakes. Is there a following order of you videos. Like lessons in a teaching book.? 
Thanks a lot for your help¡ Thank you, sir Good evening teacher,So could you please teach me about comma and . in English language?I am Cambodia so i hope that you will teach me from Den from Cambodia. Hi, I have checked many, I would say hundreds of sentences in English and the preposition ON is
very frequent, but I frequently use IN, instead of ON, since my mother language is Spanish and the IN
 , EN in Spanish, is very frequently used.  Is there any rule or cases to use ON. It not always means ON
The top of something instead inside of something like IN the drawer ON the table, but ON the sidewalk or IN the street, that every book mentions, but are hundreds more uses. Do I have to memorize it all?
Thanks for your help. Thank you sir Thanks a lot sir Sir I like your videos So Cool Sounds phenomenal
The way you pronounce those of your video sir... 
It's so clearly, and looking forward to see more of your video here, it's so helpful when people hear this, and i learned more in other way,wanna know more as far... outstanding extraordinary Mentor you are sir. Tq u Sir How could you time that Pause so Absolutely!! It's so accurate sir I have been waiting your new videos for long time. Please do one more video similar to this. really i am impressed by your good pronunciation like a native speaker... Your teaching method is magnificent... Could u pls bring us more and latest conversation methods which enabling us a better way 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 I really do appreciate it,thanks so kindly I'm looking forward for even more!🙏 Sir do some vedios on letter writting to higher officials on different issues Sir, What's the difference between"till" and "untill"? Sir, what's the difference between ' else ' and ' otherwise'?
Are they synonyms? Well explained.....liked the way of explanation by teacher You are not teaching... you make me to learn... Thank you.. by Yogi thanks sir i injoy it in God bless Good teaching sir Very nice Good sir please make a video  of WH question based on negative sentences. Sir please make a video on the topic of WH question. Where are you currently sir? Make more videos ☺️ Wow. It's help me a lot 😍 Sir , could plz upload  regarding  business idioms videos Thank you brother ! Sir how u can speak like American? You're real Ganesh Sir. You are such a good teacher! I always follow you. Your classe are the best very helpful for me. I feel very poor in english language. But many of your classes I can understand but when I feel really frustrated is when I watch TV shows like news, I can't understand nothing? or when I receive a letter from my work and I'm not able to read? ahhh! sometimes .I feel sad and, I say no more, this is not for me. But enyway  Something is better then nothing. I still here. God bless you teacher. Sir can't u be a little informal...u looks too serious ...plz be a little informal..😅💯 Yes sir I would love it . if make conversation about tell. Told. say and speak Thank you Very Much.. its a very Awesome Lesson to improve the English Mr asim r u great .u r helping in english. Sir, I learn straight from my heart amazing thank you sir I was learn more English santance in darly life; Super sir Hello sir 

Kindly upload video to remember GRE words list thank you for the lesson! Amazing sir 👍 I like thanks Amazing 👍👍👍👍👍 I like you very much. Your a very good teacher. Thank you. u r really great Your lessons are great! Could you make a lesson on one word substitution ? Clear and bright explanation. We have gotten something from your lesson. 
Thank you Sir - Learn English Lab. Thanks a million.  Could you provide more videos like this Thanks a million, sir. It's really a very helpful video. From Brazil 🇧🇷🇧🇷 It helped me a lot in improving my English...Thanks a lot sir Very very useful. All the vedios lessons are easy to understand. Thank you so much sir . Wonderful pronunciation. And the slang so excellent. pleasetell me  how to understand the sentence  and pragraph Thank you! Thanks a million sir for this class, Cheers, I really appreciate it, that's very kind of you, I can't thank you enough 🙏🙏🙏😎😎😎 Sir, I amazed by your teaching skill. So clear. Appreciate if you could teach more and more lession, please. Ganesh Sir, can't appreciate you more !! I'm very happy with this lesson i can't wait asking you more lesson in fact, this is the first time I,ve seen a teacher explaining like that thanks Thank you so much teacher for this video That's very kind of you Are You Making Videos at Present Day? We Need Your Learning Lessons.... How To Able For Speak In English On A Comfortable Speed?..... Thank you Sir your pronunciation such osm,  further pls do you  upload more videos same like this and also your all videos helps us to learn English as well as possibly speak English fluently. Sir what would I do without you!!! Excellent sir Super useful. Could you please share more such sentences. Thanks a million. You are great sir Nice one mwalimu I really appreciate it S bro we want to more lessons Dear Sir 
I have just started watching your videos n it's really helping me a lot .  Thank you teacher 💕 Dear Sir, 

Sorry to say some disturbance with subtitles, 
If possible please change to right place, because of we need subtitles also I still in the middle of my doubts if i used the grammar correctly. But when i start watching your videos, I start having confident now. Thank you sir! You're such a great teacher in your time. Please, correct me if i am wrong with my grammar. Thanks for sharing your knowledge to all your viewers sir! Very good Thanks a million ! Gud teaching sr really it's a god gift Sir 
Your way of taking class is fantastic.  Now I may tell my issues.
I m a student leaping to the lawyering profession.  So I want much greater vocabulary  of common and legal words which hit me when drafting. How can you help me ? Kindly advice. Thnx for you best Transmission👈 U are really amazing teacher sir
please translate these sentences in Urdu
i think it much better All teachers should be like yourself. Thanks Awesome sir..1:55 yes
3:49
4:31
4:35 This is very helpful now I can confused my friends buhahaha buhahaha😈😂 "kudasai"

My brain:"YaMeTe KuDaSaI I write these Japanese words in my book so i can read them, thanks to YouTube Today,I put the Japanese in my keyboard lol
Here it’s goodbye (さようなら) very good video for beginners it took me 1 week to learn this phrases 2:22 just marking where I stopped Thnk youuuuu so hard any tips? Hajime-mashte means nice to meet u i wanna learn 🥰 My brain has been japanese Ottotto or おっとっと means oops if you wanna know that I'm reading like a anime lol Same anime brought me here I always watch this everyday! Ignore this, this is just to help me know where I am
3:26 3:39 4:39 5:39 I went to a Japanese friend and said “senpai, nandeska?” And my other friend thinking senpai meant boyfriend: “Talking bout’ your boyfriend?” 🤦‍♀️ i just really wanna learn this language. i’m not into anime anymore. Has anybody listed this out in the comments Just down I'm literally trying Here to learn Japanese so I can finally watch Nijisanji without thinking "What is happening?" all the time, lol Am I the only one that type in these Japanese words on FlipaClip? My brain watching me learn three languages at a time 
🧠 R U FKN SERIOUS?? 今日は醜い顔:) sayōnara Me: okay let's learn some Japanese
Also me: Nani tf potanginamo 
HAAHHAHAHAHAHAAHHA Mah brain hurts after i tried how to read japanese damn so many lines 😵 Sa-yo-na-ra 
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
😢 but not to you Ash Yamete kudasai, sugoi, ahh, this is the best Japanese word i think the weebs and otakus are actually watching japanese learning to watch anime even without sub and im one of them...hahahaha * me taking notes * 元気ですか I am learning Korean and Japanese because of bts and blackpink LOL 4:36 timestamp for me- ありがとうございます Don’t mind 3:10 Me: I am going to write everything important only






*literally writes down everything* I will learn thisssss THIS IS FOR ME LOL 4:01 Ok but tbh it's literally fun to speak Japanese. 6:20

Onaka ga akimasita ✖︎

Onaka ga sukimasita○ ありがとう I love Japanese that is why I want to learn こんにちは! me going to bed now "watashi wa nemui Oyasumenasi" I only know Watashi Wa Tsuiyodeyo I don’t have a problem learning japanese but when it comes to remembering things I just can’t remember cause I have bad memory so I try to write things down so I can go over and over it again 😅 1:12 




YeMeTa KidAsaIIiiii~~~ I Speak Japanese Words This Is Cool Okay How to say se you tomorow Terima kasih sensei * Desu who else is here to learn korean for BTS? 🇯🇵 "How old are you?"
"I dOnT kNoW" 
Lmao Imagine we speak like this

Konichiwa,
Hi, konichiwa.
Genki desuka?
Watashi wa genkidesu. Arigatou
Sayonara, ja ne! 😂😂😂 Is it katakana or hiragani わかりますか that leg miku will rise? You can learn in Lingodeer too. I'm studyng Japanese and Korean in that app. But I'm just starting. But it's good 4:13 3:55 Transation whats your name Onamyawa nan deska?? I'm studying Japense and I need to know these words Asa nd gago this helps alot. Arigoto I'm gonna memorise myself wish me luck 😭☝️ I am from Turkey and i understood something now. I don't need to learning how to pronounce. Because pronounce the letters same like Turkish and my pronounce is correct when I just read it directly. Idk how. Maybe cuz of Turkish and Japanese are from same language family. Anyways fully support & love Japan from Turkey. 🇯🇵💙🇹🇷 Nihonjin wa konandes XD 3:56 My japanese hand writing is so great😄 0:22 Just a time stamp for me lol Am I the only one here speaking in a anime girls voice I love how anyone who’s actually just interested learning Japanese language is automatically called a Weeaboos Genki mean Hai(In Malaysian)=Hello
Hai(In Japan)       =Yes Hello- こんにちは (Konnichiwa) Me writing all the words down in Japanese and English like they did🥲 0:21 iykyk I will learn this only for yuta 8:49 I'm a filipino trying to learn japanese and it is indeed hard. XD kon'nichiwa means good afternoon ohayo means hello😊 So yamite kusidai means- Arigatou gozaimasu this is actually so helpful, thank you so much omg School :
👩‍🏫 : learn Englisch! 
👨‍🏫 : learn spanisch !
 Me at 3 am learning Japanese Am i the only one who's reading this with a loli voice-? Btw im using my sister's acc 😋😋😋😋😋😋🤩🤩🤩🤩 I read japanese word but I can't understand what I read am i late? HAHHA. is there someone whom i can talk japanese to? i wanna learn more! want a conversation to practice my grmmr Don't mind me, just leaving a time stamp for where I'm at so I don't lose where I am at
2:18 Asmr be like. Me before eating food
*itadakimasu* Japanese have three Scripts
1. Hiragana
2. Katakana
3.Kanji
The main differences are that hiragana is used for phonetically spelling out Japanese words, and katakana is for foreign words. ... Kanji is not a phonetic syllabary. Instead it is a set of characters that represent whole words. mee Wow this is kinda easy now, I have a tip for u guys if you want to learn, you can listen too this (without looking) and try to spell the non Kanji ones on paper, It helped me lol Jaoanese is the best and very easy 6:44 Oh my flipping lord how much japanese do I have to write in my sketchbook (nobody is forcing me im actually forcing myself😂) Who else is taking notes 📝 
And who else is reading this in a kawaii girl/tough boy voice 😂😂😂😂😂😂Got a question on the topic? Please share it in the comment section below and our experts will answer it for you. For Edureka AI & ML Engineer Masters Program Course curriculum, Visit our Website: http://bit.ly/2wziDSd (Use Code "𝐘𝐎𝐔𝐓𝐔𝐁𝐄𝟐𝟎") I did my MTech in Artificial Intelligence in 1998-2000. Watching this course is bringing all those concepts back to life. My sincere thank you! This channel really depicts how education is basically for free.You just need the heart to learn it. Best teachings ever..... i have come across many videos regarding AI  but this is the best ... thank u so much  edureka... How can I find the datasets? best 5 hrs i spend on this topic the teacher is amazing Can anyone tell me where to get the dataset  please...
if you have kindly sent to arunaakash39@gmail.com Can you provide code for this session Lecture is amazing with wonderful animations can you please provide notes Super amazing video thankyou mam u explained it very well. Provide a PDF of video in the description it will be helpful for revision Excellent, excellent, excellent..... wow im amazed thanks the way u all explained made this feild an interesting and made an eagerness to learn more. i am wqaiting for next content too. narration is too good easy to understand Could you please share the all python code related to ML. Thanku for explaining the artificial intelligence full course with depth and in an easy way... Tomorrow is my AI finals for class 9..This is just Superb to learn from this and i did have cleared all my doubts from this video.. Once again thanku❤ This one of the best tutorials thank you so much for your incredible efforts i cant believe i am learning it for free . AI Course (uses PyCharm) 😮👍🏻👌🏼🙂 This video is so well done. I cant say enough about the instructor's depth and approach to the topic. Good job team Edureka! Thnks endureka Sir what is difference between this 5hours course and the  the other course with videos I just started listening today. You have explained the concept very elegantly. Thank you. Truly inspiring. Will it be helpful for btech 1st year Thank you julekha for sharing this type of high quality tutorials. Very well explained...the best I've heard so far! the way instructor says is ultimate and great teaching with perfect clear cut voice  thanks a lottttt madam Thanks a lot. Please provide PDF of this. Leka from edureka nice video Great content presentation!! And a great voice. Excellent video !!! Very well explained , just the right amount of details and information to digest the concepts. Excellent !!! job by the tutor. Artificial intelligence will be big reason of unemployment Could you Plz... upload in telugu language THis content is free? no its invaluable! Thank you for teacing Zero to hero tutorial 👌👌 Awesome tutorials Edureka you made it soo easy  :) Very good training, I made many and I am refreshing the theme, this is cristal clear congratulaitions! 'Nano Artificial intelligence is a robotic brain    like humans answering questioning repairing itself & putting that robotic brain in each & every field industry sciences  freeing humans from work & diseases towards achieving immortality'
                         Malik G Jalaluddin It is a very good course. Good explanation! Keep up the good work! Now I understand why this channel has so many
 subscribers This instructor is awesome. Really does a good job of explaining the concepts. The language, the delivery of the speech - everything makes it an interesting video to watch, along the with the content itself. Very high quality tutuorial How much time will it take if i dedicate 2hrs daily with concentration to learn it completely till advanced level if there is  any ?

I am very passionate about this and specially in neural networks .

Please tell me ? I am currently in class 9th but i have completed class 9 and 10 th maths and science completely.
Currently i am studying Physics and Maths of  class-11 th.
I am really interested in learning Artificial Intelligence.
Please tell me where to start learning ? 
Is it necessary to complete 11th and 12th maths for learning AI ? Please tell me this  question is stopping me from learning ? I have learned Python . Wonderful course. I learned so much with it. Thank you very much !  "Predicted sentiment: Extremely Positive" :-D Where I can find the code used in this tutorial. Awesome explanation.. nice course.. and good introduction to the AI, ML.  Nice job by the tutor Thank you miss, i m just entered in the field of AI and getting more interest as i can understand it well through EDUREKA. 
But most probably questions generated in my mind is is AI got emotions or it became corrupted then I think this will be the beginning of destruction of Human Life.... And mostly it is also mentioned by Stephens Hawkins.... Can we get the code of examples used in video ? Heartiest gratitude to edureka for sharing such an amazing tutorial! 
Is it permitted to use your tutorials while making a slide presentation for education purposes? Amazing lecture, thank you for posting such a valuable course over YouTube. Useful videos . One note: a large chunk of this course is about knowledge discovery. Machine Learning is a subset of that. edureka! thank you! give as the powerpoint presention file Mam Can I get full course in online if it is possible means from where can I get it please respond me mam My one stop video for kick starting my AI journey! Thanks for the content and creators!. Please share the demo code if possible. Thanks a lot., Awaiting many more videos like this Hi mam I have an dought what is the use of this course thanks for helping through that particular platform, and i must say is a tremendous way of teaching... even i am new to this technology but i understand most of its part... How many of you watching in 2021? ❤️ Hello madam,
I would like to learn the course and able to earn professional experience in this field , but I am mechanical engineer ,b.tech pass out 2014 batch, is there any job assistance from edureka. really informative Really Good Introductory course on AI  , Can viewers get the code  and ppt described in above video  it will be really helpful ! 👍🏻❤️❤️ ❤❤😊😄😄loved it I am amazed by the quality of this course. Explaining in a very detailed but simple way. Thank you for doing this. 👍 Such a nice explanation. All the concepts were cleared. These things I never understood in my online classes🙂♥ leka from edureka rhymes well Excellent work !!!! Great video making sense about AI Awesome. Video This video was so wonderful for me madam. I got a basic idea of AI. thank you so much I had observed some other Learning path with Python
1. Python Scripting
2. Python Statistics for Data Science (Descriptive Statistics, Inferential Statistics) I had collected some job designations from this video,
1. Machine Learning Engineer
2. AI Engineer
3. Data Scientist
4. Data & Analytics Manager
5. NLP Engineer
6. Data Engineer I had collected some idea about, "How a Machine Learning - Learning Path should be"
1. Python programming 
    A) Sequences and File Operations
    B) Functions and OOPs
    C) NumPy & Pandas
    D) Modules and Handling Expectations
    E) GUI Programming
    F) MatPlotLib & NumPy
    G) Data Visualization & Manipulation

2. Machine Learning with Python
    A) Statistics
    B) Supervised Alogirthms
    C) Time Series
    D) UnSupervised Algorithms

3. Graphical Models
    A) Interface
    B) Bayesian & Markov's Networks
    C) Decision Making
    D) Graph Theory
    
4. Reinforcement Learning
    A) Bandit Algorithms
    B) Temporal Difference Methods
    C) Dynamic Programming
    D) Policy Gradient Methods
    E) Value Function
    F) Bellman Equation
    G) Value Iteration

5. NLP with Python
    A) Tokenization
    B) Stemming
    C) POS Tagging
    D) Lemmetization
    E) Syntax Tree Parsing
    F) Named Entity Recognition

6. AI & Deep Learning with Tensor Flow
   A) Gradient Descent
   B) Tensor Flow
   C) Deep Learning
   D) Softmax Function
   E) CNN
   F) RNN
   G) LSTM
   H) Keras
   I) Autoencoder Neural Networks
   J) RBM

7. Python Spark using PySpark 
   A) HDFS
   B) Spark RDD
   C) Spark SQL
   D) Spark ML Library
   E) Spark Streaming Superb Video madam. Thanks a  lot. At the end, I had collected few keywords in AI

1. TensorFlow (It is perfect for Neural Networks and Machine Learning)
2. Neural Networks
3. Deep Learning
4. Supervisioned Learning
5. Natural Language Processing
6. Machine Learning
7. Classifications
8. Clusters
9. Algorithm
10. Python (Contains Natural Language Library Toolkit, ect..)
11. Artificial Neurons
12. Reinforcement Learning
13. Test data
14. Label Data
15. Turing Test
16. Weak AI
17. Image Processing, Facial Recoginition with Neural Network Concepts
18. Protactors
19. Root Node
20. Prediction Variables
21. Branches
22. Q Matrix Algorithm
23. K Nearest N Algorithm (KNN)
24. Error
25. Weight Variable
26. Text Mining
27. Google Automatic Search, Google Spam Detection, Netflix user evaluation, Gmail - Email Classification (Text Mining and NLP)
28. Sentimental Analysis (Facebook, Twitter, etc,..) [NLP]
29. Chatbots (used for find the customer frustration) [NLP]
30. Speech Recognition (Ex: Alexa, Siri, Google Assistant, Cortana, etc..) [NLP]
31. Machine Translation (Ex: Google Translation)
Few Applications of NLP:
 A)Spell Checking
 B)Information Extraction
 C)Keyword Search
 D)Advertisment Matching
32. Tokenization
33. Stemming
34. Morphological Analysis (for words)
35. Lemmatization
36. Stop Words
37. Document Term Matrix (or) Frequency Matrix
38. Data Splicing
39. Naive Bayes Classifier hello! can you please put the datasets(fruit_data.txt ....) on the description?? Thank you for your great videos :) Ultron is best example of A.I Dear mam,  Wonderful  presentation ,, is it possible to get ppt Fantastic Very well made and explained. Thank you for keeping it for beginners to understand in simple way. Appreciate your effort 👍 sampath.kalyan133@gmail.com .I want to enroll machine learning course finaly ... A video that really describe what AI actually is ..instead of just introducing about the pacakges and salary..this course also taught about the history, types , and deep understanding in a very systemetic way....

Thank u alot.. Hi Zulaikha, You did an exceptional job of giving a unique intro to AI. I wish I had this info some 20 years ago. It could have changed my life completely Is this a full course? Is it enough to get complete skills in AI? Perfect perfect lecture!   Thank you very much.  Is there anyway we can get the python code in the examples you used in this video? An excellent tutorial for beginners madam Thankyou so so much edureka..
Please tell me all the sequence of courses to watch all videos, plz. 💖💖🙏🙏 I m medical background person i dont anything about regression means Excellent.. Very useful session... So thaankssss mam🥰🥰🥰 I thought I should learn something new.. this is great I loved it. How easily she made me understand all those complex terms. Hats off mam ! Thanks a lot 😊 i need datsets sir .where can i get that This video is very good as well as your voice,thanks It's  very good How to share my email for code?? 1:09:15 AMAZING VIDEO. Thank you so much for your effort putting this together, I feel conversational in AI now.What are ASL and BSL? Because I really don't know. This is inaccurate.
I know some ASL and this is not ASL at all. Hello im a special kid age 23.....im deaf & dumb.... but i want to beome a part of ur compaign.... i want to be a model a actor... i cant speak but i can explain everything through my actions... plz do somthing for our kinda ppl and do support us... thank you 🙏🏻 Silence is a best language You can definitely tell that the person in the video is not deaf and no one that participated in this video is deaf or has family members who are deaf. Who's here to understand permission to dance choreo? 💜 Is your name is Victoria is I am correct or not This video is clearly inaccurate. I have aphasia and I don't recommend anyone to use these signs for the words they show. Mother 
Father
Stser
👩👱👏 Your amazing thank you for doing this language in both ASL and BSL Hey guys,
As a hearing person I am disappointed in the response from the channel after reading the comments section.  However,  instead of not doing anything we can help take this down by reporting this video as misleading to Google.
Pls do this if possible.  Let's stop this injustice to our deaf friends!


After reporting the video it would be great if u would leave a comment showing your support! I don't know anyone deaf but what's the harm if me learning sign language can help someone specially abled mmmmmmmm and I don't know what I did Thank GOD a community of ASL people are here! I would have made a fool of myself Tiene muchos errores las señas thx i want to study sign language in comments everyone says this video is wrong pls give me link or something i need to know sign language ALMOST ALL OF THIS IS WRONG🤬🤬🤬🤬 THIS IS HORRIBLE I HATE THIS TAKE THIS VIDEO OF THE ENTIRE INTERNET NOW🤬🤬🤬🤬 I WAS SO EXITED TO LEARN ASL😭 Incredible video. I've wanted to learn ASL for ages but thought I couldn't. Your video made it so easy. I learned all you taught in less than 2 hrs. THANK YOU!!! What s ASL nd BSL I know nothing about ths Please read comment BEFORE learn. It's wrong. YouTube, please remove this video. https://m.facebook.com/groups/4323268444383910/?notif_t=group_post_no_comment&notif_id=1623462043546115&ref=m_notif #THISVIDIOSUCKS if you think this vidio is inaccurate type #THIS VIDIO SUCKS Me after watching a quiet place Tampa Florida luv They got some right but some wrong for asl i dont know what bsl is so dont go to see this video go to a different one. 0:35 Don't stop...Keep going....Just like that...yeah! we have only being doing asl for a month and we even know that its wrong!!!!! I learned "I love you" from the a quiet placee This video should be deleted I didn't look at the comments before I started memorizing, but I'm glad I saw some other videos before this. I thought something was fishy when the "mother" sign was different from what I've seen. its my pleasure to meet you Victoria I’m  deaf! I like ASL! ASL errors:

Mother (she signed grandmother)
Father (she signed grandfather)
Family ( “BSL” sign for “family” is ASL for “family”)
I am fine (I don’t know if that counts)
I am good (correct sign of “good”: 1:31)
Facebook (We don’t really have a sign for that so we spell “FB”)
YouTube (No. I’m les. Please don’t do that sign for YouTube)
Instagram (We spell “IG”)
What is your name? (she signed name you) Ajtedow Sktrqiyp🍻😡 Skiwovehdv✊ Ahfsvw How to say "options" in sign language I am deaf Please tell what is ASL and BSL 2 years and this video is this up?? I'm not fluent in asl although I definitely know the basics and all of these were COMPLETELY WRONG!! This is spreading misinformation and totally offensive to the deaf community. This is horrible to see Please take this down! The signs are inaccurate That's completely wrong. Take this down now, it’s wrong, please do NOT learn from this not sure for that. This is wrong. I'm not learning of those. I'm hard of hearing and sign language. no. this not how works! *take this down now this isn't you need it!*
i ASL deaf, many signs here wrong. sign social medias do not exist. tamil is the one of the oldest language in the world hello  brothers and sisters why miss the  language 
for tamil Take it down Unfortunately, most of her ASL signs are wrong. is this signs for worldwide? my mind: Learn asl
me: I am not deaf
my mind: *JUST FRICKING LEARN IT!* What os bsl and asl?whats the difference? Hi Viktoria Fake We’re yes and no correct for ASL? In kindergarten we had to use those signs. If yes and no incorrect, I’m very disappointed in my teacher’s knowledge of ASL. Sht and to say I was actually learning this... glad I read the comments after a minute I dont really know why im learning sign langguage its easier ig im new and not deaf my family members are not deaf so idk what im doing may ik whats the different between bsl and asl? Mujee even tho this might be real i dont trust this channel enough *Learn before you teach.* Does anyone which sign language is used most ? I am year 10 old I am deaf! Hi..Iwant to study this..and iWant to communicate With Them. You letter out Facebook, that’s a made up gesture Are P and Q same? WoW Thanks 🙏🏻 I have a question what is the difference between g and p ? What is the dif btwn ASL& BSL? She was signing alphabet to quick for me to catch up It is wonderful Quick question. Does it matter if you do the signs with the left or right hand?
I am a lefty and have been learning the basics, but noticed that I use my left hand to memorize them. Thank you for your efforts
Please, can you give me a list of static(without movement) words of American Sign Language?
Thank you in advance Wait a second I learned really little asl from deaf people and the ones I know are all correct Anyone else did a facepalm after seeing this? She signed GRANDMA and GRANDPA, and the FAMILY incorrectly!!! She I'm so sad, I memorized most of them and then I read the comments. Oh God!! I don’t know anyone who’s deaf 🧏🏻‍♀️ so I don’t know why I like learning sign language 🤟🏻 I really enjoy it I feel like I’m doing an amazing thing 🤷‍♀️ What is ASL and BSL? I learn ASL with my dad he is not deaf but he know it because of his friends I talk sign also xD I only know this by reading the comments , ( thank you for them ) but uhh these are wrong , don’t memorise them please Please, if you are learning asl, DONT use this source, a lot of her signs were wrong or nonexistent. Take this down! It is incorrect So I’m not apparently deaf but I do want to learn it to help some people who ARE deaf like my other lunch lady so I can talk to her<3 Guys just saying shes saying aunt and uncle in the thumnail Some of them are wrong !!! Honestly I memorised one or two for the family and as soon as I read the comments... Disgusting. These are not correct, I have been learning asl Assholes!!! That's all WRONG!!! i was just about to comment to ask something but as i was reading comments of others.. i almost learn from a wrong channel. please if you are not a pro at sign language don't do a tutorial about it many migh learn from this. This is disrespectful to the deaf community Miss... you should prolly take it down. Especially with the “I love you”?🤣 Why she throwing up gang signs GUYS READ THE COMMENTS Most of her ASL signs are wrong😔😔Nice video Your the best English teacher sir Good job sir.Thanku so much. Keep it up sir Thank you sir Humko yah bahut Achcha Laga Tq sir Sir u r a perfect teacher 🙏🙏🙏 Today my 2nd day Hi Bohut kuch sikhne ko mil raha hai sir thank you 🙏 You are the best English teacher in this world. Kya twenty first ko twenty one bolna shi hoga btaiye sir please 🙏🏻 very helpful 👍😊 sir you have won my heart, god bless you sir Aaap bahut acche padhate hai sir Sir aapka lecture video bhot accha tha but mere ko ek chij samjh nhi aayi ki thousandth , millions , billions m th kab lagana hai plz mujhe bataiye 🙏 8 : 23 I think  Millionaire means lakhpati not crore pati 26 ki hu ab tk is trha smjhane wala teacher n dekha tha..thank you so much 💞 Super se bhi upar h apka smjhane ka style fan ho gyi me to apki Total kitne Sab number hote hain ya bhi sikhaiye please I request Sar aap bahut Achcha sikhate Hain Thanks sir 👍👍👍 app ki video me kuch na kuch zaro r sikh ne ko mil ra hai 👍👍👍👍👍☺️ Thank you so much sir We learn something new  from your teaching's way! You are a great person sir😎🥰 Thank you sir🤗🤗
Really something is new for me thanks sir 🥰 Great sir Nice 👍👍 Thank you Hi  sir Woh, sach mein aap ke video me har bar kuchchh naya sikhane ko milta hai. Thank you so much sir Sometimes we thought that I'm perfect in English....but...no!! We doesn't  perfect Spectucular vidio sir  👍👍 Sir 101th ko kya kahenge Mazedaar Thank you so much sir you are actual guru 🙌🙏
You teach very nicely
Thank you so much once again I learnt so many things in this video..tnxxx sir tnxxx alot Nice video Thankyou sir Thanks sir Amazing Tku so much sir Excellent 👌👌👌👌 sir ......mind blowing sir ❤️❤️❤️ Thank you very much sir Bahut badhiya hai Thank sir. Thanks sir 🙏🙏🙏 Bahut accha sir Very helpful video sir tq Sir you are God Thank you sir Glorous Sir what is right pronounciation of eighth (8 th). Thank You Sir 😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑 Very nice sir Miraculous dear Sir You are very good teacher Righ Thanks sir 👍👍👍👍👍 Sir which lesson is one? Wonderful ji. Sir aap bhoot acha samjata ho😀😃😄😄😄😄😄 Super sir Very nice sir jee 🙏 Thank you sir you are a good teacher 🙏🙏 Bhut achi sikhate oh sir app English Ye mera 2nd class tha....🙏 Really sir bahut achhe se sekhate ho English hum aapki shuru se last sabhi vedio dekhke English sekheng Thanku bhai Sir you are no one look towards others person sir I think I have a passion for doing something in study Very nice teaching methods sir you are great Very nice Sir, VERY NICE TEACHING SIR 👍
THANK YOU SO MUCH SIR 👍 Asmit pandey Ye point confusion hai hume.. Sir, apne 10 lakhs ko million bataya aur, millions means cororepati bhi hota Thinks sir Thank you sir ji Osm video sir Ji Very helpful sir Thanks sir Sir thoda ni ye to pura naya sikhne ko mila. Thank you so much sir, ye sb to kbi padha hi ni... Good knowledge Sir jai Hind ....
I'm Tugadeep serving in Defence sir
Your classes super se bi upar 🔥🎉
Excellence explanation sir koi nhi explain Kar paye ga ap ke jaisa 
Thanks sir🙏 Suparb Hai sar Thanx sir ap kitne achi English sikhate ho thanx  very much👍 Good evening sir I learnt something new Very nice sir Thank you sir 
Kuch naya sikhne ko mila😊 Very nice video sir👍👍👍👍👌 Very nice sir Love you Aditya sir ji🙏 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏aap teach krte ho to sab kuch smj aa jata h apne aap hi English ka drr din pr din khtm hota ja rha h Nice Very good sir it's amazing 👍👍👍 Thank u sir